-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.eclipse.cdt.core.suite.AutomatedIntegrationSuite
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 6047, Failures: 13, Errors: 2, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 385.25 sec <<< FAILURE! - in org.eclipse.cdt.core.suite.AutomatedIntegrationSuite
testConcurrentDescriptorModification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 4.215 sec
testDescriptorConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDeadlockDuringProjectCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.217 sec
testExtensionData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testConcurrentDifferentStorageElementModification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.676 sec
testProjectDataCreate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testProjectDataDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testDescriptorCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConcurrentSameStorageElementModification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.568 sec
testExtensionCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.13 sec
testCProjectDescriptionDescriptorInteraction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 1.011 sec
testExtensionRemove(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAccumulatingBlankLinesInProjectData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testExtensionGet(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testDescriptorOwner(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testCtorLvalueCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.516 sec
testArgumentEvaluation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testNestedConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testDirectDefaultInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInitializationOfNestedCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithImplicitDestructorIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testCtorRvalueCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testStructDefaultInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructorExpression2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDirectInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCtorConstructorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConstexprConstructorDefaultConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInitialValueOfComposite(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAssignmentOfNestedCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConstexprConstructorConstructorBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithUserDefinedDestructorIsNotConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConstexprConstructorCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInheritedMemberVariable1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testInheritedMemberVariable2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testIdempotence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedDefaultConstructorIsNotConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNestedStructDefaultInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testCtorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testStructDefaultInitializationOverride(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInitializationOfCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testConstexprConstructorChainInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConstexprConstructorInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAssignmentOfCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNestedStructDefaultInitializationOverride(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOrderOfFieldInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCtorImplicitConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithDefaultedDestructorIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCtorEqualsInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testCtorInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfAggregateTypeIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDefaultInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFundamentalTypeDirectInitializationWithParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testCtorLvalueCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 1.837 sec
testArgumentEvaluation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testNestedConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testDirectDefaultInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testInitializationOfNestedCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithImplicitDestructorIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testCtorRvalueCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testStructDefaultInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructorExpression2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testDirectInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testCtorConstructorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testConstexprConstructorDefaultConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testInitialValueOfComposite(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testAssignmentOfNestedCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testConstexprConstructorConstructorBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithUserDefinedDestructorIsNotConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testConstexprConstructorCopyConstruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testInheritedMemberVariable1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testInheritedMemberVariable2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testIdempotence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testUserDefinedDefaultConstructorIsNotConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testNestedStructDefaultInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testCtorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testStructDefaultInitializationOverride(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testInitializationOfCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testConstexprConstructorChainInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testConstexprConstructorInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testAssignmentOfCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testNestedStructDefaultInitializationOverride(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testOrderOfFieldInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testCtorImplicitConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfLiteralTypeWithDefaultedDestructorIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testCtorEqualsInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testCtorInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testImplicitConstructorOfAggregateTypeIsConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDefaultInitializedVariable_510151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testFundamentalTypeDirectInitializationWithParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ConstructorTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testMemberAccessThroughThisPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testGlobalMemberFunctionCallFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMemberFunctionWithImplicitThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMemberFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNestedMemberFunctionCallsWithImplicitThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testGlobalMemberFunctionCallFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testPlusEqualsWithinMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testExternallyDefinedMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testManualAddMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testMemberAccessThroughThisPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testGlobalMemberFunctionCallFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testMemberFunctionWithImplicitThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testMemberFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testNestedMemberFunctionCallsWithImplicitThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testGlobalMemberFunctionCallFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPlusEqualsWithinMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testExternallyDefinedMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testManualAddMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberFunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGlobalMemberAccessFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testIncrementOnCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAccessOfStaticField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFieldDependsOnOtherField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMemberAccessWithConstObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMemberInitializationWithoutUserDefinedCtor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testGlobalMemberAccessFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testGlobalMemberAccessFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testIncrementOnCompositeValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testAccessOfStaticField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testFieldDependsOnOtherField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testMemberAccessWithConstObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testMemberInitializationWithoutUserDefinedCtor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGlobalMemberAccessFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.MemberVariableTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testPointerReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testSideEffectsOnArrayParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testPassingCompositeByReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testEvaluationOfConstexprFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testLongCallChain_505606(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testPassingCompositeByValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPassingIntByValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPassingIntByReference1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPassingIntByReference2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNonConstexprFunctionDoesntStoreBodyExecution(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionReturnValueIsCopiedAndNotReferenced(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSizeofCallToRegularFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAccessMemberOfCompositeParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testReferenceReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRecursion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testBlockScopeValueLookup1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBlockScopeValueLookup2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testSideEffectsOnArrayParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testPassingCompositeByReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testEvaluationOfConstexprFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testLongCallChain_505606(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testPassingCompositeByValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testPassingIntByValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testPassingIntByReference1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testPassingIntByReference2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testNonConstexprFunctionDoesntStoreBodyExecution(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testFunctionReturnValueIsCopiedAndNotReferenced(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testSizeofCallToRegularFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testAccessMemberOfCompositeParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testReferenceReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testRecursion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testBlockScopeValueLookup1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testBlockScopeValueLookup2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testImplicitTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testVariadicTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayParameter1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayParameter2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInstantiationOfSwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testInstantiationOfTypedefDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testParameterPackSizeof(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testExpansionOfVariadicTemplateParameterIntoInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfDoWhileLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testTemplateWithNonTypeTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInstantiationOfConstructorInFunctionTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInstantiationOfConstructorInFunctionTemplate2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testExpressionInVariadicTemplateParameterExpansion1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testExpressionInVariadicTemplateParameterExpansion2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInstantiationOfAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testVariadicTemplateWithVaryingTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testExplicitTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNullStatementInFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testIndexSequence1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfWhileLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testImplicitTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testVariadicTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayParameter1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayParameter2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testInstantiationOfSwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testInstantiationOfTypedefDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testParameterPackSizeof(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testExpansionOfVariadicTemplateParameterIntoInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfDoWhileLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testTemplateWithNonTypeTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testInstantiationOfConstructorInFunctionTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testInstantiationOfConstructorInFunctionTemplate2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testExpressionInVariadicTemplateParameterExpansion1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testExpressionInVariadicTemplateParameterExpansion2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testInstantiationOfAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testVariadicTemplateWithVaryingTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testExplicitTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testNullStatementInFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testIndexSequence1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfWhileLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testTemplateInstantiationOfForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FunctionTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testTemplateArgumentInMemberInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testInstantiationOfBaseClassTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testInstantiationOfBaseClassTemplate2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAliasTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplateWithNontypeTemplateParameter1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplateWithNontypeTemplateParameter2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTemplateArgumentInMemberInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testInstantiationOfBaseClassTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testInstantiationOfBaseClassTemplate2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testAliasTemplate1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplateWithNontypeTemplateParameter1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testInstantiationOfClassTemplateWithNontypeTemplateParameter2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ClassTemplateTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testNestedIfFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testIfStatementWithNonCompoundElseClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleIfFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNestedIfTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfStatementWithNonCompoundThenClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIfElseTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleIfElseFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIfStatementWithNonReturnClauses(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleIfTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIfStatementWithNonReturnClausesAndNonCompoundElseClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNestedIfFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testIfStatementWithNonCompoundElseClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testSimpleIfFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testNestedIfTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testIfStatementWithNonCompoundThenClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testIfElseTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testSimpleIfElseFalseBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testIfStatementWithNonReturnClauses(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testSimpleIfTrueBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testDeclarationInIfStatementCondition3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testIfStatementWithNonReturnClausesAndNonCompoundElseClause(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IfStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testSwitchOnEnumValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testSwitchWithNestedContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSwitchWithOnlyOneClause1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSwitchWithOnlyOneClause2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSwitchFallThrough(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSwitchFirstCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSwitchNoMatchingCaseAndNoDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDeclarationInSwitchStatementController(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSwitchCaseConstants(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSwitchDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSwitchMiddleCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSwitchBreak(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSwitchOnEnumValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testSwitchWithNestedContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testSwitchWithOnlyOneClause1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testSwitchWithOnlyOneClause2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testSwitchFallThrough(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testSwitchFirstCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testSwitchNoMatchingCaseAndNoDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDeclarationInSwitchStatementController(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testSwitchCaseConstants(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testSwitchDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testSwitchMiddleCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testSwitchBreak(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.SwitchStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testWhileLoopWithConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testWhileLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationInWhileStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testReturnInWhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testEvalShouldAbortOnWhileWitInfiniteLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testWhileLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testWhileLoopWithConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testWhileLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDeclarationInWhileStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testReturnInWhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testEvalShouldAbortOnWhileWitInfiniteLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testWhileLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.WhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testDoWhileReturn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testDoWhileWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDoWhileInfiniteLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDoWhile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDoWhileWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDoWhileReturn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testDoWhileWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testDoWhileInfiniteLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDoWhile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testDoWhileWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.DoWhileStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNestedContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInfiniteForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInfiniteLoopInIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testReturnInIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationInForStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithEmptyIterationSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testForLoopWithNullStatementAsBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNestedBreakStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithEmptyInitializationStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNestedContinueStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testInfiniteForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testInfiniteLoopInIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testReturnInIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testSimpleIndexBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDeclarationInForStatementCondition1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithEmptyIterationSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testForLoopWithNullStatementAsBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithNestedBreakStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testIndexBasedForLoopWithEmptyInitializationStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverNonConstRangeChoosesNonConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDoesntMixMemberFunctionsAndFreeFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopThatModifiesElementsInCustomType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testReturnInRangeBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverConstRefRangeChoosesConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSimpleRangeBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomTypeWithInvalidBeginMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPassReferenceObtainedFromRangeBasedForLoopToFunctionAndModify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDoesArgumentDependentLookupIfBeginEndMemberFunctionsDontExist(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomTypeWithBeginMemberFunctionWithDefaultParameterValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testWorksWithBeginEndTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverConstRangeChoosesConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testChoosesMemberFunctionsOverFreeFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverNonConstRangeChoosesNonConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDoesntMixMemberFunctionsAndFreeFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopThatModifiesElementsInCustomType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testReturnInRangeBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverConstRefRangeChoosesConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testSimpleRangeBasedForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomTypeWithInvalidBeginMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testPassReferenceObtainedFromRangeBasedForLoopToFunctionAndModify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testDoesArgumentDependentLookupIfBeginEndMemberFunctionsDontExist(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopWithReturnInNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverCustomTypeWithBeginMemberFunctionWithDefaultParameterValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopWithNonCompoundBodyStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testWorksWithBeginEndTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testRangeBasedForLoopOverConstRangeChoosesConstBeginEnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testChoosesMemberFunctionsOverFreeFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.RangeBasedForStatementTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testOverloadedPlusOperatorAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testOverloadedPlusOperatorAsNonMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedMultiplicationOperatorAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedOperatorAssign(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedOperatorEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedPlusOperatorAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testOverloadedPlusOperatorAsNonMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testOverloadedOperatorPlusComplex3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testOverloadedMultiplicationOperatorAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testOverloadedOperatorAssign(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testOverloadedOperatorEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testPrefixIncrementAsNonMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPrefixIncrementAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryOperatorOverloadingTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPrefixIncrementAsNonMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testPrefixIncrementAsMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryOperatorOverloadingTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAssignmentOfMultiDimensionalArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerDereferencingOnArrayName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAssignmentOfArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInitializationOfMultiDimensionalArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testInitializationOfArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPassArrayToFunctionAsPointerAndModifyCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testReferenceToArray1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testReferenceToArray2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testReferenceToArray3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testGlobalArrayAccessValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testReferenceToArrayCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerArithmeticsOnMultidimensionalArray(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPassMultiDimensionalArrayToFunctionAsPointerAndModifyCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAssignmentOfMultiDimensionalArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testPointerDereferencingOnArrayName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testAssignmentOfArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testInitializationOfMultiDimensionalArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testInitializationOfArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testPassArrayToFunctionAsPointerAndModifyCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testReferenceToArray1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testReferenceToArray2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testReferenceToArray3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testPointerToArrayReturnedFromMemberFunction3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testGlobalArrayAccessValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testReferenceToArrayCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testPointerArithmeticsOnMultidimensionalArray(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testPassMultiDimensionalArrayToFunctionAsPointerAndModifyCell(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ArrayTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testContextualConversionInAnd_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBinaryExpressionSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testContextualConversionInOr_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAssignmentReturnsLValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleBooleanValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testContextualConversionInAnd_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testBinaryExpressionSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testContextualConversionInOr_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec
testAssignmentReturnsLValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testSimpleBooleanValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.BinaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testPrefixDecrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testPostfixIncrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrefixIncrementReturnsLvalue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAssignmentWithPrefixDecrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPostfixDecrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentWithPostfixIncrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAssignmentWithPostfixDecrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentWithPrefixIncrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testContextualConversionInNot_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrefixIncrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrefixDecrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.277 sec
testPostfixIncrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.217 sec
testPrefixIncrementReturnsLvalue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testAssignmentWithPrefixDecrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testPostfixDecrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testAssignmentWithPostfixIncrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAssignmentWithPostfixDecrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testSimpleSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testAssignmentWithPrefixIncrSideEffects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testContextualConversionInNot_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testPrefixIncrSemantics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UnaryExpressionTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testSideEffectsOnNestedReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAssignmentsOnReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSideEffectsOnReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAssignmentOnNestedReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSideEffectsOnNestedReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testAssignmentsOnReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testSideEffectsOnReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAssignmentOnNestedReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.ReferenceTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.TypeAliasTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypedefDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.TypeAliasTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.TypeAliasTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTypedefDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.TypeAliasTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testPointerSubtraction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testPointerAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDereferencingOnePastTheEndPointerIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerDeclarationFromPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerDelcaredWithNegativePositionStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSubtractionOfPointersToSameArrayShouldYieldDistance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerAddition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerDeclaredOnePastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainIsValid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerArithmeticsPostFixDecr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerArithmeticsPostFixIncr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerAdditionInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerDeclaredWithNegativePositionIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerSubtractionInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerToStructMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDereferencingOfPointerToInvalidMemoryShouldFail(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDereferencingIncrementedOnePastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainPointerIsValid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerDeclaredTwoPastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerThatOnceHasNegativePositionStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDereferencingIncrementedTWOPastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainPointerIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerArithmeticInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerValueAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointersHaveSeparatePositions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerWithNegativePositionIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerDeclaredOnePastTheEndIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerAdditionAndAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerSubtractionAndAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerSubtraction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testPointerAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testDereferencingOnePastTheEndPointerIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPointerDeclarationFromPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testPointerDelcaredWithNegativePositionStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testSubtractionOfPointersToSameArrayShouldYieldDistance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testPointerAddition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testPointerDeclaredOnePastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainIsValid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testPointerArithmeticsPostFixDecr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testPointerArithmeticsPostFixIncr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPointerAdditionInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testPointerDeclaredWithNegativePositionIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testPointerSubtractionInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testPointerToStructMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testDereferencingOfPointerToInvalidMemoryShouldFail(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testDereferencingIncrementedOnePastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainPointerIsValid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testPointerDeclaredTwoPastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPointerThatOnceHasNegativePositionStaysInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testDereferencingIncrementedTWOPastTheEndAndThenDecrementedBackInRageAgainPointerIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testPointerArithmeticInDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testPointerValueAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testPointersHaveSeparatePositions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testPointerWithNegativePositionIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testPointerDeclaredOnePastTheEndIsInvalid(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testPointerAdditionAndAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testPointerSubtractionAndAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.PointerTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testIgnoresRawLiteralOperatorTemplateForUserDefinedStringLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testUserDefinedCharacterLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIgnoresRawLiteralOperatorForUserDefinedStringLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorTemplateIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchUnsignedLongLong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testUserDefinedFloatingPointLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testChoosesCookedLiteralOverRawLiteralTemplateIfAvailable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUserDefinedStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorTemplateIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchLongDouble(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchUnsignedLongLong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUserDefinedIntegerLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRawLiteralOperatorTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFallbackToRawLiteralOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testChoosesCookedLiteralOverRawLiteralOperatorIfAvailable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchLongDouble(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIgnoresRawLiteralOperatorTemplateForUserDefinedStringLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testUserDefinedCharacterLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testIgnoresRawLiteralOperatorForUserDefinedStringLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorTemplateIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchUnsignedLongLong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testUserDefinedFloatingPointLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testChoosesCookedLiteralOverRawLiteralTemplateIfAvailable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testUserDefinedStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorTemplateIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchLongDouble(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchUnsignedLongLong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testUserDefinedIntegerLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testRawLiteralOperatorTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testFallbackToRawLiteralOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 1.063 sec
testChoosesCookedLiteralOverRawLiteralOperatorIfAvailable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFallsBackToRawLiteralOperatorIfParameterTypeDoesntMatchLongDouble(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.UserDefinedLiteralTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testShortValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testBooleanDefaulValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLongValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCharValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationWithMultipleDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructorExpression1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHexLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLongDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUseOfUninitializedVariableIsError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIntDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testShortDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDeclarationWithDefaultInitializationInSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAccessGlobalVariableFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIntValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDirectInitializationOnFundamentalTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCopyInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAccessGlobalVariableFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeclarationWithEqualsInitializerInSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleDeclaratorsInOneDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCharDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBoolValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionConstructorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionEqualsInitializer1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionEqualsInitializer2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSideEffects2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testShortValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testBooleanDefaulValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testLongValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testCharValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testDeclarationWithMultipleDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructorExpression1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testHexLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testLongDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testUseOfUninitializedVariableIsError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testIntDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.094 sec
testShortDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testDeclarationWithDefaultInitializationInSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testAccessGlobalVariableFromGlobalConstexpr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testIntValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testDirectInitializationOnFundamentalTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testCopyInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testAccessGlobalVariableFromConstexprFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testDeclarationWithEqualsInitializerInSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testMultipleDeclaratorsInOneDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testCharDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testBoolValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionConstructorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionEqualsInitializer1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructionEqualsInitializer2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testSideEffects2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.IntegralValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testFloatLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testDoubleLiteralWithScientificNotation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFloatLiteralWithScientificNotation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLongDoubleLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBinaryOperationsWithFloatingPointNumbers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFloatValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDoubleDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDoubleValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFloatDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testComparisonBetweenFloatingPointValueAndIntegralValue1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testComparisonBetweenFloatingPointValueAndIntegralValue2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDoubleLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFloatLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testDoubleLiteralWithScientificNotation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFloatLiteralWithScientificNotation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testLongDoubleLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testBinaryOperationsWithFloatingPointNumbers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testFloatValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testDoubleDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testDoubleValueInitialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testFloatDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testComparisonBetweenFloatingPointValueAndIntegralValue1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testComparisonBetweenFloatingPointValueAndIntegralValue2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDoubleLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.FloatingPointValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
test16bitUnicodeEscapeSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testUPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRawStringLiteralWithDelimiter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testu8Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testStringAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCStringParam(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testuPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCStringLiteralConcatenation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWithoutPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRawStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$NonIndexing)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test16bitUnicodeEscapeSequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testUPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testRawStringLiteralWithDelimiter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testu8Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testLPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testStringAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testCStringParam(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testuPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testCStringLiteralConcatenation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testWithoutPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testRawStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.constexpr.CStringValueTests$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testRemoveDuplicates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTrim(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRemoveNulls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrepend(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAddAll(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAppend(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRemove(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ArrayUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTrim(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLastIndexOf(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEquals_Bug289852(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSeparator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGetPrefixForBinarySearch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrefixChars(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAbbreviations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSingleSegment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimple(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSuffix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNumeric(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.SegmentMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConfiguration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ContentAssistMatcherFactoryTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testCamelCaseMatcher(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ContentAssistMatcherFactoryTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrefixMatcher(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ContentAssistMatcherFactoryTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCModelElements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelElementsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.202 sec
testCModelElements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralCModelElementsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testDuplicates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCollisionRatio(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.651 sec
testMapAdd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.CharArrayObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleAdd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReAdd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleCollision(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testResize(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCollisionResize(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ObjectMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConversionOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.SemanticsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testWindowsLineEnding(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCharLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingCharLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingTrigraph(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLineSplicingNumber(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMinimalComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRawStringLiteralInInactiveCode(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTrigraphSequences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingHeaderName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSlashPercentComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingIdentifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLineSplicingOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLessColonColon(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeaderName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOperatorAndPunctuators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testNumber(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIdentifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRawStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LexerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEndif(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfdef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElif(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testElse(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIf(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPredefine(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testPoundError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testProblems(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testContexts(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndexDefine(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUndefine(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDefine(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIfndef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPragma(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.LocationMapTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleIfdef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug75532IProblems(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test__attribute__(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72506_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug73652_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConditionalWithBraces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.266 sec
testBug200830_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug200830_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug200830_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug200830_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUTFStringConcatenation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
test54778(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test68229(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedRecursiveDefines(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUndef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNumerics(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreprocessorDefines(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWideToNarrowConcatenation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testbug84270(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug35892(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testBug36045(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36047(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug36255(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36287(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36316(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36434(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36475(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36509(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36521(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36695(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36770(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36816(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug37011(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug38065(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39698(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug44305(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug45287(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug45476(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug45477(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug45551(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug46402(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47797(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug50821(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug56517(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug59768(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug60764(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug61968(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug61972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug62009(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug62042(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug62378(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug62384(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug62390(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug62571(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug64268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug67834(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug69134(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug69412(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug70072(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug70073(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug70261(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72506(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72537(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72725(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72997(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug73492(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug73652(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug74176(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug74180(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug74328(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug75083(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug75956(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroPastingError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testExpressionEvalProblems(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSlightlyComplexIfdefStructure(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug182180_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug182180_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug182180_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug182180_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug182180_5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testImaginary(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOtherPreprocessorCommands(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug185120_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug185120_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnExpandedFunctionMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEmptyIncludeDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug107150(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug126136(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug156137(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug156988(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug162214(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug162410(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug180172(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPreprocessorMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36701A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36701B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36770B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39688A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39688B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug39688C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug79490A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug79490B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOtherPreprocessorDefines(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWackyFunctionMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testExpressionEvalProblems_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug195610_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug195610_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug195610_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnExpandedFunctionMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultipleLines(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug102825_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug102825_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug102825_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug102825_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWeirdStrings(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConcatenation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug156988_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug102568A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug102568B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSlashes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testQuickScan(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUTFChars(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUTFStrings(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroArgumentExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PortedScannerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUDLInPP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testParenthesisOnNextLine(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEmptyToken(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRecursiveExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testReconsiderArgsForExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRescanAfterTokenPaste(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRecursiveInArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSuperfluousComma(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLineSpliceInMacroDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpaceInArgsViaOpenMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpacesBeforeStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStringifyAndPasteCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMissingParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBadBinaryNumbersCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPasteMultipleTokens(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testObjectStyleTokenPaste(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpecExample5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGccVariadicMacroExtensions2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGccVariadicMacroExtensions3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleObjectLike1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleObjectLike2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEmptyStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRescanOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpaceInStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpecExample3_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecExample3_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpecExample3_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecExample3_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSpecExample4_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecExample4_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecExample4_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSpecExample4_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpecExample7_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpecExample7_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSpecExample7_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecExample7_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBadBinaryNumbersC(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTokenPasteChain(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpaceBeforeParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRecursiveExpansion2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRecursiveExpansion3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStringifyAndPasteC(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGccVariadicMacroExtensions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC43BinaryNumbers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleFunctionLike1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunctionLike2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleFunctionLike3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunctionLike4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpaceInArgs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionStyleWithoutArgs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpenStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSkippingVarags(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testC99_6_7_5_3_5_Bug104869(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpaceInArgsViaExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testC99_6_10_3_3_4_Bug84268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVaargs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringifyOperatorInObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testVaargsWarning(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTokenPasteWithEmptyParam(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSpecHashHashExample(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSuppressingUseOfCurrentFileDirectory(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testIncludeNext_286081(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testBug91086(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testIncludeNext(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testRelativeIncludes_243170(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testBug156990(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testIncludePathOrdering(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testIncludeVariables_69529(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InclusionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testTrueInConditionalExpression_Bug246369(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testCommentBeforeDirective_Bug255318(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndirectDefined_Bug225562(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRawString_Bug362562(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTokenPaste_Bug210344(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOcatalCharConstant_Bug330747(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKeywordsInConditionalExpression_Bug246369(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUnboundedEmptyStringLiteral_Bug190884(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDirectiveInExpansion_Bug240194(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDirectiveInExpansion_Bug375739(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEmptyStringInMacroInInclusion_Bug145270(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCounter_Bug362148(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug186047(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPredefinedCDTMacro_Bug173848(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testHexConstant_Bug265927(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringify_Bug282418(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMissingArgument_Bug303969(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInvalidTokenPasting_Bug354553(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMissingClosingParenthesis_Bug251734(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroInInclusion_Bug122891(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.PreprocessorBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testObjectChain(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
test3Params(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRecursiveExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNoOp(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLineNumber(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testVararg1x(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVararg2x(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testFunctionParam(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testVararg1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testVararg2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTooFewArgs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringify(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNewline(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test2Params(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLineNumber2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.ExpansionExplorerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringLiteralConcatenation_281745(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testInactiveMacroDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIf(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDefinedSyntax(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedInInactive(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfnDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.InactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.StreamHasherTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testChunks(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.StreamHasherTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUnAlignedEven(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testUnAlignedPlus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testAlignedMinus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testUnAlignedMinus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testAlignedEven(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testAlignedPlus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.scanner.FileCharArrayTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testTypeofExpression_226492(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
testParmToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug222418_k_regression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug213029_cvConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPointerExpression_131037(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testMaximumTrivialExpressionsInInitializers_412380(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 3.193 sec
testFunctionParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMacroCommentsBug_177154_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testDeclspecInEnumSpecifier_241203(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testIncompleteArrays_269926(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBinaryExpressionBinding(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testArrayDesignator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testArrayTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypePromotion_short_int(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug269705_float_literal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBasicTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testASMLabels_226121(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testStringConcatenationWithMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTrailingSyntaxErrorInCompoundStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testBug270275_int_is_equivalent_to_signed_int(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testU8TokenAfterIfdef_429361(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSyntaxWithNL_280175(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLargeTrivialAggregateInitializer_253690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 2.577 sec
testReferencesInInitializer_251514(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testNoRawStringInPlainC_397127(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testLocalVariableOfTypeVaList_313270(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUnusualDeclSpecOrdering_251514(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testBug84090_LabelReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testTypedefVoid_221567(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testCExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testStructureDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testDeepBinaryExpression_294969(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.503 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84092_EnumReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testBug100641_106279_castAmbiguity(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testLongLong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCompositeTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test186736_variant1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
test186736_variant2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeOfPointerOperations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testCompoundInitializer_145387(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug197633_parenthesisInVarargMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionReturningPtrToArray_216609(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testReturnTypeOfBuiltin_234309(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testScalabilityOfLargeTrivialInitializer_253690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 2.272 sec
testConstantExpressionBinding(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTrailingSyntaxErrorInCompositeType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNestedFunctionDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test88460(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test92791(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug188855_gccExtensionForVariadicMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testSkipAggregateInitializer_297550(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFind(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTypeofInsideQualifier_471907(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTypeIdWithEqualsInitializer_484824(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSyntax_250251(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testParameterBindings_316931(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPredefinedMacroNamesC(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRedefinedGCCKeywords_226112(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInactivePreprocessingStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVoidPointerInTernaryOperator_460741(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAlignas_451082(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypePromotion_longint(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testArrayTypeToQualifiedPointerTypeParm(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug269705_int_literal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug188707_backslashNewline(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug40768(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43241(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug75189(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug75340(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug78103(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug79067(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug79650(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug80171(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug80978(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug80992(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug81739(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug83737(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug84176(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84185(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug84186(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug84228(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84236(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84250(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84266(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84267(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84759(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug85049(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug85786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86766(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug90253(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug93980(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug94365(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug95720(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug95757(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug95866(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug98365(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug98502(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug98760(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug98960(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug99262(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypePromotion_signedAndUnsignedInts(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testTypePromotion_float(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testEnumerationForwards(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84185_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPtrDiffRecursion_317004(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.134 sec
testBug84266_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDroppingOfStorageDecl_293322(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTypeOfExpressionWithTypedef_380498_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypeOfExpressionWithTypedef_380498_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug183126_nestedLinkageSpecs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testMoregetDeclarationsInAST1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMoregetDeclarationsInAST2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMoregetDeclarationsInAST3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug88338_C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTypePromotion_char(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testTypePromotion_double(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testLargeExpression_294029(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testExpressionLabelReference_84144(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testTypedefExample4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTypedefExample4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypedefExample4c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRedefineStructInScopeThatIsFullyResolved(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testRestrictReference_227110(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSizeofFunctionType_252243(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testExternalDefs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug191450_attributesInBetweenPointers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSimpleStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTypePromotion_longlongint(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testProblems(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug181305_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug181305_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testVaArgWithFunctionPtr_311030(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testPromotionInUnaryExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testMacroCommentsBug_177154(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug210019_designatedInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testTrailingSyntax_250251(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
test1043290(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testRecursiveFunctionType_321856(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testLeadingSyntax_250251(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCompoundLiterals_258496(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testLocalVsGlobalStruct_255973(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug196468_emptyArrayInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug100408(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug104800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug107150(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug143502(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug179383(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug181735(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug181942(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug182464(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug186018(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug192165(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAmbiguousStatement_360541(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug240567(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug273797(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug277458(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testBug278797(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug284248(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug295851(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testCVQualifiedTypesInConversionOperator_495423(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMacroReferences_399394(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug95119_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug95119_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEmptyTrailingMacro_303152(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testCaseRange_211882(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGCCDecltype_397227(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testArrayPointerFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFnReturningPtrToFn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDesignatedInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMacOS9LineEnding_151329a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSizeofUnaryWithParenthesis_227122(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testCastVsFunctionCallAmbiguities_237057(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testTypenameInExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testCommentAfterMacroExpansion_367827(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVariadicCFunction_452416(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug222418_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug222418_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug222418_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug222418_d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug222418_e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug222418_f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug222418_j(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug222444_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug222444_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug222444_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug94673_refsForMacrosAsArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLabelResolution_484979(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testGetChildren_256127(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMaxOS9LineEnding_151329b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBinaryVsCastAmbiguities_237057(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testEmptyDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTypeofUnaryExpression_226492(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAttributeSyntax_298841(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypeAsExpressionIsProblem_261175(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testRedefinePtrdiff_230895(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNonTrivialInitializer_253690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test167833(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test186736(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
test192639(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test195943(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOctalFloatingPointLiteral_394048(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOmittedPositiveExpression_212905(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTypePromotion_long_double(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testComplexParameterBinding_214482(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testArrayTypesInConditionalExpression_520049(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testCompoundStatementExpression_226274(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypeofStatementExpressionInCastExpression_427950(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTypeOfSizeof_355052(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testExpressionLabelReferenceCast_486140a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testExpressionLabelReferenceCast_486140b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug84096_FieldDesignatorRef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionReturningFunctionPointer_413204(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testParameterRedeclaration_301779(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInfiniteRecursion_269052(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDeepElseif_298455(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.798 sec
testAmbiguousDeclaration_259373(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testPragmaOperator_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testBug222418_b_regression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBinaryExprNotMisparsedAsCast_486140(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testEnumerations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPointerOperatorsAsChildren_260461(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPredefinedFunctionName_247747(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionNameExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypeofExpressionWithAttribute_226492(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionDeclViaTypedef_86495(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug228422_noKnrParam(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCommentInExpansion_84276(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testOutOfOrderResolution_232300(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAtomicBuiltin_bug456131(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionInIfCondition_261043(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSizeofExpression_362464(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug104390_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testSimpleFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypedefWithSameName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug202271_nameClash(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testExpressionFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testParameterResolution(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionDefTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testParamWithFunctionType_84242(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testPlacementNewInConditionalExpression_227104(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testStructureNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testLabels(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug107150b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug228504_nonExistingMembers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug222418_g_regression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testNestedDeclarator_257540(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNoSkipNonTrivialAggregateInitializer_412380(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testParamWithFunctionTypeCpp_84242(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFieldDesignators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testStructureTagScoping_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStructureTagScoping_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMemberAccessOnPointerType_526857(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug222418_h_regression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTypePromotion_int(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testBracketAroundIdentifier_168924(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBuiltinTypesCompatible_241570(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testValues(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBasicFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAdressOfStringLiteral_252970(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTrailingSyntaxErrorInTU(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPredefinedFunctionNameGcc_247747(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testLocalVariableResolution_235831(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAttributeInElaboratedTypeSpecifier_227085(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug222418_i_regression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAnonStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testArraySubscriptExpressionGetExpressionType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testAnonymousUnionMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testArrayPointer_261417(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBindingsOnFields(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNoSkipTrivialAggregateInitializer_412380(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testThreadLocalVariables_260387(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSwitchWithoutCompound_105334(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMultipleDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
_testBug210019_nestedDesignatedInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testGCCenum_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000314_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC20000314_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000412_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000412_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC20000412_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testGCC20000412_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCC20000412_5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000605_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000605_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC20000113(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testGCC20000205(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC20000217(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000224(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCC20000225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000227(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000313(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000403(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCC20000419(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCC20000503(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCC20000511(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCC20000603(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testTrailingSyntaxErrorInNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOverridden_248846(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFieldAndNestedTypeWithSameName_425033(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDecltypeAutoTrailingReturnTypeConstDecltype_527553(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUsingDirectiveNamespaceWithPreviousFunctionName_517402(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testAmbiguity(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testThrowExpressionInConditional_396663(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testNameLookupInDefaultArgument_432701(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testStringLiteralPrefixTypes_526724(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedOperator_248803(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testExtendedNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_1c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_2c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_3c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation_528196_4c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testInitializeUnsigned_245070(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDoublesUserDefinedLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFinalTemplateMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testModeAttribute_330635(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testRValueReference_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testVariableDefVsDecl_286259(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testVariableDefVsDecl_292635(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAutoTypeInRangeBasedFor_332883a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAutoTypeInRangeBasedFor_332883b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAutoTypeInRangeBasedFor_332883c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testArrayTypeSizeFromInitializer_294144(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug88338_CPP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBlockTraversal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralNoWhiteSpace1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralNoWhiteSpace2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testNameHiding(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testLambdaInDefaultMemberInitializer_494182(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testExplicitDefaultConstructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOverloadedRefQualifiedConversionOperators_506728(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCompleteArrayTypeWithIncompleteDeclaration_294144(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTypedefRecursion_285457(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testADL_299101(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testCtorWithTypedef_269953(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSyntax1_295064(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testListInitializer_495227(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testOrderOfAmbiguityResolution_259373(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPureVirtualVsInitDeclarator_267184(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testADL_485710(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testAlignof_451082(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testMemberReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug263152a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug263152b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFriend_275358(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testImplicitMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRecursiveClassInheritance_357256(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTypedefQualified(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAdditionalNamespaceLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFind_185408(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMethodDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTypeOfNotExpression_265779(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testArrayToPointerConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testWideCharacterLiteralTypes_270892(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testHiddenVirtualBase_282993(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRankingOfQualificationConversion_269321(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testClassIndirectlyAggregatingItself_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testConstMember_323599(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFieldWithSameNameAsClass_326750(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testNamespaceAlias_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testStructureDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNewCharacterTypes_305976(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testOverloadedFunction_248774(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedConversion_222444a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedConversion_222444b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testUserDefinedConversion_222444c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTemplateCTorWithTypedef_269953(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testImplicitConstructors_360223(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVirtualParentLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRegression_484618(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testStructOwner_290693(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSimpleTypeConstructorExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testADLForOperators_296906(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testParsingOfGcc5TypeTraitIntrinsics_485713(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testVariadicFunction_2500582(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testVariadicFunction_2500583(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedOperatorWithEnumArgument_506672(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testIsClassBuiltinOnTypedef_522509(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSizeofEmptyStruct_457770(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedUnaryOperator_259927c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedUnaryOperator_259927d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedUnaryOperator_259927e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadedUnaryOperator_259927f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testStaticAssertions_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFriendFunction_438114(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testParentScopeOfCatchHandler_376246(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
test86371(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testOperatorNames(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testImplicitConstructorNameInTypeConstructorExpression_447431(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testOwner(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testResettingTemplateIdScopesStack_223777(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNewPlacement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testExplicitCopyConstructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSizeofReference_397342(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testInlineFriendFunction_284690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testForwardDeclarationAfterUsing_271236(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadResolution_262191(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBuiltInOperator_423396(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypedefOfPointerInConditional_481078(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadedPointerToMemberOperator_488611(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeLookupWithMultipleInheritance_286213(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInvalidImplicitConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testGCCAttributeSequence_416430(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testCastToVoid_309155(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testEmptyDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOrderInAmbiguityResolution_390759(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testMemberAccessForArray_347298(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypedefFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAlignas_451082(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testAlignas_475739(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConstructors(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testClassDirectlyAggregatingItself_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testMemberFunctionDisambiguationByCVness_238409(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testQualifiedTypedefs_222093(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSizeofDouble_506170(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTypeIdForPtrToMember_242197(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testAutoType_289542(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testNarrowingConversionsInListInitialization_389782(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_104706(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug332114a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testBug332114b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testEnumDeclaredLaterInClass_491747(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testAutoType_305970(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testAutoType_305987(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testFunctionRedeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_228118(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testNestedClassScopeInlineDefinition_401661(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testImplicitConstructors(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug40422(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug40768(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43241(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug43242(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug43579(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug45129(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug59149(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug59302(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug75189(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug75340(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug75482(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug75858(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug77024(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug77385(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug77967(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug78103(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug78800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug78883(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug79540(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug80940(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConstexprVariableIsConst_451091(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testBug82766(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug8342b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug83997(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug84228(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug84250(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84266(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84371(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug84466(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug84469(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84476(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84478(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug84610(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug84615(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84679(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug84686(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84692(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84696(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug84703(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug84705(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug84710(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug85049(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug85786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug85824(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86267(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86269(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug86274(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug86279(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug86282(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86288(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86306(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86319(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86336(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86346(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86350(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug86353(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86369(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86372(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86543(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86546(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86547(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86554(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86618(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86621(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86639(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86649(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug86678(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug86688(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug86827(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86849(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug86868(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug87424(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug87705(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug88459(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug88662(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug89539(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug89828(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug89851(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug90039(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug90603(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug90609(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug90610(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug90616(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug90623(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug90647(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug90648(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug90653(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug90662(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug91707(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug91773(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug92425(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug92882(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug92980(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug94779(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug95200(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug95411(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug95419(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95424(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug95425(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug95461(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95484(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug95673(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug95692(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug95714(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug95734(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95741(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95757(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug95768(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug96655(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug96678(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug98704(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug98818(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug99262(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInvalidClassRedeclaration_254961(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testForwardDeclaringEnumAtClassScope_475894(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug_PM_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInvalidClassRedeclaration_364226(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testFriendTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testParameterAdjustment_293538(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverrideSimpleCovariance_321617(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testRangeBasedForLoop_327223(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testGNUSyncBuiltins_389578(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testPointerMemberAccess_245068(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testClassForwardDecl(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLookupScopeForConversionNames_267221(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testAutoTypeInRangeBasedFor_359653(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDecltypeAutoTrailingReturnTypeVolatile_527553(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testAnonymousStructures(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverrideSpecifierAfterTrailingReturnType_489876(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDecltypeAutoReturnType_482225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testTypeString_323596(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testExplicitConversionOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDecltypeAutoVariableTypes_482225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testOverloadedOperatorWithInheritanceDistance_335387(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testPointerToFunction_CPP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBasePointerConverstionInConditional_462705(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testParameterForwardDeclaration_379511(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsTriviallyConstructible_528072(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testRecursiveUserDefinedFieldAccess_205964(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testFriendFunctionResolution_86368(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testTypeOfNewExpression_264163(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testCastInEnumeratorValue_446380(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testRValueReferenceTypedefs_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testXValueCategories(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testRValueReferenceBindingToTemporary_470943(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSimpleStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPointerToArrayWithDefaultVal_267184(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testCVQualifiedClassName_328063(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInheritedTemplateConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFriendConstructorDestructor_400940(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNestedTemplateIDAmbiguity_259501(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testBuiltInOperatorFunctionType_423396(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testMemberPtrs_264479(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testICPPASTFunctionCallExpression_getOverload_441701(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMemberAccessibilities(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testNullptr_327298a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testNullptr_327298b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testNullptr_327298c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testEmptyExceptionSpecification_86943(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTrailingSyntaxErrorInLinkageSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testExplicitCopyAssignmentOperator_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug_PM_(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHasFeature_442325(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testGCCIntBuiltins_444577(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPropertyOfUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test10_2s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug_AIOOBE(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDirectBinding_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testRankingQualificationConversions_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testRankingQualificationConversions_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRankingQualificationConversions_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testCVQualifiersWithArrays_293982(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRestrictIsNoCPPKeyword_228826(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSyntax2_295064(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug100403(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug100408(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug100415(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug102825(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug103281(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug103578(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug104800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug107150(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug108202(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFinalGccExtension_442457(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testListInitialization_458679(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testListInitialization_491842(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug174791(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug178059(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug179712(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug180979(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug195701(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFriendTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug211756(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug214335(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug235196(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralBadConcatenation1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug240567(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug268714(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testArgumentDependantLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug36769B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testConditionalExpressionFolding_429891(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testScopedEnums_305975a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testScopedEnums_305975b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testScopedEnums_305975c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testScopedEnums_305975d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testScopedEnums_305975e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testScopedEnums_305975f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testScopedEnums_305975g(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug433556(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug45763a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug45763b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug45763c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug45763d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test_ElabTypeSpecInNewExprInConditional_526134(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMemberInitializer_333200(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromUnknownClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testOverloadedBinaryOperator_259927a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadedBinaryOperator_259927b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionResolution(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypeid_209578(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testConversionFromLambdaToFunctionPointer_424765(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testFwdLookupForDefaultArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRValueReferenceSignature_427856(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testReferencesOfUsingDecls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testExplicitNonDefaultConstructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPointerToNonPointerConversion_263159(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFinalFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOverrideFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug84250b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug84266b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84478b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug84478c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84478d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86358a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86358b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug86470a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86470b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug86470c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86470d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug86470e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug866274(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug88501a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEnumToIntConversion_285368(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testQualifiedNameLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug90039b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug90498a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug90498b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug90623b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug90654a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug90654b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug92425b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testParenthesizedReferenceArgument_424898(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug95734b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testArgumentDependantLookup_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testNoKoenigForConstructors(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testResolutionInTrailingReturnType_333256(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testFnReturningPtrToFn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsBaseOf_395019(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testIsBaseOf_399353(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testIsBaseOf_409100(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testIsBaseOf_446094(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testDesignatedInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testNotExplicitCopyAssignmentOperator_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUnderlyingTypeBuiltin_411196(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testOverrideUsingDeclaredMethod_328802(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testPointerToMemberType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUsingDirectiveWithNestedClass_209582(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testExplicitDestructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypedefAsClassNameWithFunctionPtrArgument_350345(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAggregateInitialization_487555(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testIsStatic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBaseComputationWhileTypeIsIncomplete_498393(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testEnumeratorAttribute_514821(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInitOfClassObjectsByRValues_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAnonymousEnumInAliasDeclaration_502016(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testNewFunctionDeclaratorSyntax_305972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRankingOfReferenceBindings_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testRankingOfReferenceBindings_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testInheritanceFromMultipleInstancesOfSameTemplate_383502(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTemplateIdInsideCastOperator_460080(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testListInitialization_302412a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testListInitialization_302412b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testListInitialization_302412c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testListInitialization_302412d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testListInitialization_302412e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testListInitialization_302412f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testAdjustmentOfParameterTypes_239975(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testEmptyInitializerList_324096(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testCharStringUserDefinedLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testStructureTags_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStructureTags_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSizeofStructWithReferenceField_397342(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testLookupInClassScopeForTemplateIDs_294904(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testEnumRedefinitionInStruct_385144(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testValueRepresentationOfClassWithStaticMemberOfOwnType_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testShadowingAliasDeclaration_484200(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFriendClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNewPointerOfClass_267168(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testScopeOfClassFwdDecl_270831(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testInitSyntax_302412(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInheritedConstructorShadowingBaseClassName_485383(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSizeofOfNonstaticMember_305979(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNonUserdefinedOperator_291409b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypedefConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testIntToBoolConversionInInitList_521543(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCtorInitializerForVoidPtr_314113(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUsingDeclaration_86368(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testScopeOfCatchHandler_209579(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testQualifiedMemberDeclarationInNamespace_222026(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testCallToObjectOfClassType_267389(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFriendClassLookup_512932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromTemplateInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFinalAndOverrideVariables(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMethodDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCtorForAutomaticVariables_156668(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testExplicitOperatorInDirectInit(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDeclarationAmbiguity_269953(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTopLevelRestrictQualifier_327328(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testLambdaExpression_316307a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testLambdaExpression_316307b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testImplicitlyCalledBaseConstructor_393717(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testFinalParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAttributeInUsingDirective_351228(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAmbiguousStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplateIdInUsingDecl_251199(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_354599(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_356268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_359364(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testLambdaWithCaptureInInitializerList_488265(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testScopeOfClassMember_259460(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testScopeOfClassMember_259648(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testConstructorTemplateInImplicitConversion_264314(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testPMConversions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testArrayToPtrConversionForTypedefs_239931(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testEnumerations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_427854(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testInvalidOverload_291409(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionInDeleteExpression_428922(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNamespaceAliasNamespaceWithPreviousFunctionName_517402(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testAmbiguousVirtualParentLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testOverloadingWithRestrictQualifier_327328(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testNamespaceAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testResolutionToFinalOverrider_86654(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testClassScopeSeparateDefinition_401661(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testNotExplicitCopyConstructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAutoWithTwoDeclarators_522066(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testFunctionDeclViaTypedef_86495(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNestedOverloadedFunctionCalls_283324(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testInlineNamespaceLookup_324096(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDependentEnumeration_446711a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDependentEnumeration_446711b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDependentEnumeration_446711c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDependentEnumeration_446711d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDependentEnumeration_446711e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testLookupInConstructorChainInitializer_293566(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testForwardDeclaredFriend_525645(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInvalidUserDefinedConversion_269729(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testQualifiedMemberDeclaration_222026(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFloatLiteralWithLeadingZero_498434(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDeclDefn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPrefixLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBuiltinOperators_294543a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBuiltinOperators_294543b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testFind_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFind_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFind_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFind_d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFriend(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConstTypedef_264474(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testExpressionFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testVoidViaTypedef_258694(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDefaultedAndDeletedFunctions_305978b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSizeofArrayField_512932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug233889_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariableDeclarationInIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSmartPointerReference_259680(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test233889_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSizeofStringLiteralWithEscapeCharacters_459279(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testConstexprEvaluationLimit_429891(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testImplicitDestructor_183160(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConditionalOperator_324853a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConditionalOperator_324853b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBasicInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStructureNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMemberAccessOperator_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMemberAccessOperator_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testMemberAccessOperator_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testMemberAccessOperator_d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMemberAccessOperator_e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNewExpressionType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionExtraArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testGCCBuiltins_512932a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testGCCBuiltins_512932b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeOfConstexprFunction_451090(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug1043290(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testListInitialization_439477a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testListInitialization_439477b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNestedClassScopeSeparateDefinition_401661(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTypeOfBuiltinSymbol_512932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testContextualBooleanConversion_506972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testPMKoenig_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPMKoenig_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNamespaceAliasInMacroExpansion_506668(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDecltypeWithConstantLambda_397494(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDecltypeAutoTrailingReturnType_482225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOverloadResolutionForOperators_266211(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testOverloadResolutionForOperators_268534(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFunctionCallOnLHS_252695(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testScopeOfUsingDelegates_219424(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRankingOfDeprecatedConversionOnStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDecltypeAutoTrailingReturnTypeConst_527553(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testErrorForDestructorWithWrongName_367590(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNonPointerToPointerConversion_263707(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDecltypeInBaseSpecifier_438348(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverrideFinalFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadedCommaOpWithConstClassRef_334955(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testFunctionDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionInCondition_263158(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testFinalClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testReferenceToCopyConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDecltype_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testIntegerUserDefinedLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClassScopeInlineDefinition_401661(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCastAmbiguity_211756(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testSpecialRuleForImplicitObjectType_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNamespaceQualifiedOperator_256840(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDefaultedAndDeletedFunctions_305978(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testADLForFunctionObject_388287(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAssociatedScopesForOverloadedOperators_293589(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testLookupFromInlineFriend_284690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBasicPointerToMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNarrowingConversionInListInitialization_491748(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDerivedToBaseConversion_269318(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTrailingReturnTypeInFunctionPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMethodTemplateWithSameName_292051(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testLiteralsViaOverloads_225534(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testThisType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testLongLiteral_225534(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleUserDefinedLiteralOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testLambdaWithCapture_446225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVoidParamInDefinition_257376(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOperatorConversionNames(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testLambdaWithCapture(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralInNamespace_510665(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testInheritedConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDecltypeInNameQualifier_380751(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDefaultConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testProblem_AmbiguousInParent(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testScopeOfExceptionSpecification_377457(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testASTCopyForNoexceptDefault_bug456207(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
_testInstanceMemberInStaticMethod_263154(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
_testConversionOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test33_ADLForOverloadSet_324842(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTCPPSpecDefectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
test692_partialOrdering(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTCPPSpecDefectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test38_templateArgForOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTCPPSpecDefectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testTemporaryNotCreatedWhenBoundToVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOrderOfDestruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedNew_Bug354585(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCommaOperator1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCommaOperator2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testEmptyThrow(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemporaryBoundToReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNew(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPointerToMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCopyAssignmentOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemporaryDestruction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemporaryNotCreatesInNewExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionCallOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedDelete_Bug351547(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUnaryPrefixAndPostfix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testArrowOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointerDereference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testImplicitNewAndDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBinaryExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testArraySubscript(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBuiltinOperators_294543(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPImplicitNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_1s14_InfiniteInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testDecltypeInPackExpansion_486425a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testDecltypeInPackExpansion_486425b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testCtorTemplateWithTemplateID_259600(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testSfinaeInTrailingReturnType_495845(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSfinaeInTrailingReturnType_495952(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testUnnamedTypesAsTemplateArgument_316317a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUnnamedTypesAsTemplateArgument_316317b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSimpleAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testUnsupportedOperationExceptionInASTAmbiguousNode_402085(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testReferenceToParameterOfTemplateTemplateParameter_357308(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testIntegralConversionInSpecializationMatching_237914(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionCallOnDependentName_337686(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPartialSpecAfterExplicitInst_339475(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testInstantiationOfFriendOfNestedClassInsideTemplate_484162(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testConflictInTemplateArgumentDeduction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testPointerToMemberOfTemplateClass_402861(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testLocalTypeAsTemplateArgument_442832(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAmbiguousDeclaratorInFunctionTemplate_265342(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testInstantiationOfReturnExpression_484959(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testTemplatedAliasDeclarationTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameterPack_487703a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameterPack_487703b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testInstanceMemberAccessibility(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDependentSizeofInDefaultArgument_513430(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug229917a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug229917b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDefaultTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDefaultTemplateParameter_281781(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUniformInitializationInTemplateArgument_510010(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNestedFuncTemplatedDeclarator_bug190241(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testConstInTypeParameter_377223(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayReferenceParameter_269926(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTemplateOrdering_293468(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTemplateOrdering_294539(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPackExpansionInNestedTemplate_459844(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testNonAmbiguityCase_229942(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithArrayReferenceParameter_394024(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSyntaxFailureInstantiatingFunctionTemplate_365981a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSyntaxFailureInstantiatingFunctionTemplate_365981b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFunctionTemplateOrdering_388805(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTemplateSpecializationMemberAccessibility(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMemberOfPartialSpecialization_416788(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSfinaeInNonTypeTemplateParameter_429928(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadingOnTypeOfNonTypeTemplateParameter_512932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNonTypeTemplateParameterWithTypenameKeyword_333186(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMemberLookupThroughDeferredClassBase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testRecursiveTemplateClass_484786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplateArgumentDeduction_MultipleInheritance_527697(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSfinae_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testSfinae_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTemplatedAliasBasicType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testFunctionWithVoidParamInTypeDeduction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplateIdNamingAliasTemplateInExpression_472615(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUnknownParameter_264988(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testConstructorOfExplicitSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInstantiationOfEndl_297457(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSpecializationSelection_229218(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMethodImplWithNonDeferredType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRegression_399142(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testRegression_399829(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDirectlyNestedAmbiguity_362976(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRegression_421823(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testNonTypeTemplateParameter_252108(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRegression_510010(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testConstexprFunctionCallInTemplateArgument_332829(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFriendFunctionDeclarationInNamespace_513681(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testTemplateScopes_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateScopes_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSFINAEInEvalIdWithFieldOwner_510834(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testTemplatedAliasAsFunctionArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testPartialOrderingForConversions_326900(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplatedAliasDeclarationValueArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTypeIdOperatorArgumentIsUnaryExpression_229942(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDependentSpecializationOfFunctionTemplateAsFriend_422505a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDependentSpecializationOfFunctionTemplateAsFriend_422505b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testADLForTemplateSpecializations_327069(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPackExpansionsAsArguments_367560(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariadicTemplates_401024(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testForwardDeclarations_264109(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testRRefVsRef_351927(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSpecializationOfUsingDeclaration_357293(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSfinaeInTemplatedConversionOperator_409056(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testEnclosingScopes_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnclosingScopes_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testEnclosingScopes_c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnclosingScopes_d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateParameterDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testPackExpansionInBaseSpecifier_487703(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBoolExpressionAsTemplateArgument_361604(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDependentExpressionInvolvingField_388623(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testClassSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUnknownReferences_257194(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testInlineFriendFunction_284690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInlineFriendFunction_287409(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testIntegralConversionInPartialSpecializationMatching_237914(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSimpleFunctionTemplateAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testNestedTemplateAmbiguity_363609(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testQualifiedNameLookupInTemplate_402854(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAliasTemplate_486618(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAliasTemplate_486971(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDestructorExpressionType_528846(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOOM_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testTemplatedAliasDefaultArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAliasTemplate_502109(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testExternTemplates_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_458316a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_458316b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testIntegralConversionOperator_495091a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testIntegralConversionOperator_495091b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDependentNameWithAuto_407480(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDependentFieldReference_472436a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDependentFieldReference_472436b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSpecializedEnumerator_418770(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRegression_401743a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRegression_401743b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNonTypeArgumentIsIDExpression_229942a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testNonTypeArgumentIsIDExpression_229942b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testQualifierTypeThatCollapsesAfterTypedefSubstitution_487698(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplatedAliasTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testReferenceBinding_Regression_516284(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug306213a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug306213b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testBug306213c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPartialOrderingInNonCallContext_326900(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionTemplate_264963(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTemplate_266532(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_5_1_FunctionTemplates_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test14_5_5_1_FunctionTemplates_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionTemplate_309564(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTemplateArgumentDeductionWithFunctionSet_501549(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDependentConversionOperator_486149(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentConversionOperator_486426(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_399454(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug45129(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug74204(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug74276(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug76951(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug90678(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug91707(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug95208(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug98666(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug98784(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug98961(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_393959(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_407497(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testSpecializationOfConstexprFunction_420995(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_445177(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInstantiationOfFunctionTemplateWithOverloadedFunctionSetArgument_326492(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSimplifiedFunctionTemplateWithFunctionPointer_281783(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBasicTemplateInstance_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBasicTemplateInstance_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_497668(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRegression_485388a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testRegression_485388b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAddressAsTemplateArgument_391190(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testFunctionTemplateImplicitInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDependentUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_5_2s2_MemberSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRebindPattern_214447a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testRebindPattern_214447b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTemplateParameterPacksAmbiguity_280909(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeIdAsTemplateArgumentIsTypeId_229942a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTypeIdAsTemplateArgumentIsTypeId_229942b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRValueReferences_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testParameterAdjustementInInstantiatedFunctionType_351609(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testTemplateArgumentNestingDepthLimit_512297(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec  <<< ERROR!
java.lang.StackOverflowError: null
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.ambiguousNameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:285)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:277)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.qualifiedName(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:410)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3335)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.declSpecifierSeq(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:3062)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.declSpecifierSequence_initDeclarator(AbstractGNUSourceCodeParser.java:1646)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.typeId(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:4180)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgument(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:757)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.templateArgumentList(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.addTemplateArguments(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:463)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.GNUCPPSourceParser.nameSpecifier(GNUCPPSourceParser.java:381)

testClosingAngleBracketsAmbiguity_261268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testExplicitArgumentsForParameterPack_404245(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDefaultArgForNonTypeTemplateParameter_363743(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testFieldReference_257186(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDeductionOfNonTypeTemplateArg_372587(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testTypeArgumentToNonTypeParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateAmbiguityInDeleteExpression_364225(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testResolutionOfUnknownArrayAccess(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testSfinaeInDefaultArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBraceInitialization_490475a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBraceInitialization_490475b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDependentDecltypeInNameQualifier_415198(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDependentDecltypeInNameQualifier_429837(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithLambdaArgument_443361(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSfinaeInIdExpression_459940(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAddressOfMethodTargeted_509396(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSpecializationSelection_509255a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpecializationSelection_509255b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpecializationSelection_509255c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testAddressOfMethodUntargeted_509396(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_7_3_FunctionExplicitSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSizeofParameterPack_527697(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testNoexceptSpecifierInTypeTemplateArgument_511186(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testOwnerOfFriendTemplate_265671(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAliasTemplate_395026a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAliasTemplate_395026b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDefaultTmplArgumentOfFunctionTemplate_333325(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadResolutionBetweenMethodTemplateAndFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_5_5_2s5_OrderingFunctionTemplates_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test14_5_5_2s5_OrderingFunctionTemplates_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateTypedef_214447(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNestedSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInheritedConstructor_489710(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909g(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909h(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909i(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909j(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909k(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909n(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909p(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909q(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909r(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVariadicTemplateExamples_280909s(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSfinaeInNewExpression_430230a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testSfinaeInNewExpression_430230b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testTokenPasteShiftROperator_261268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testIsPOD_367993(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDependentNameReferencingLaterDeclaration_265926a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentNameReferencingLaterDeclaration_265926b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFriendClassTemplate_266992(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testDependentBaseLookup_408314a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDependentBaseLookup_408314b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDependentBaseLookup_408314c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSimpleFunctionReferenceTemplateAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionInNestedClassMethodBody_485388(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testDeferredFunctionTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSimpleFunctionAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testArgumentDeductionFromReturnTypeOfExplicitSpecialization_355304(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testStaticConstexprFunctionWithDependentBody_521274a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testStaticConstexprFunctionWithDependentBody_521274b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testTypeVsExpressionInArgsOfDependentTemplateID_257194(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFunctionSpecializationAsFriend(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClassSpecializationInEnumerator_457511(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testTemplatedAliasRedefinitionOfSameFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_1s2_FunctionTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBasicTemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testExpressionArgumentIsExpression_229942(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testConstexprFunctionCallWithNonConstexprArguments_429891(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug103578(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug103715(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug105769(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug105852(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTemplateOrdering_409094a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionTemplateOrdering_409094b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug162230(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug169628(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug177418(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNestedTemplateDefinitionParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug201204(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug207871(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug214646(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug232086(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug233889(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMethodTemplate_497535a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMethodTemplate_497535b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSFINAEInDecltype_516291a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSFINAEInDecltype_516291b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug311164(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug316704(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testBug377838(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testChainInitializerLookupThroughDeferredClassBase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testExplicitSpecializations_296427(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariadicFunctionTemplate_333389(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testArgumentDependentLookupForEnumeration_506170(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDestructorCallViaAliasedTemplateName_511658(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInstantiationOfEvalIdWithFieldOwner_511108(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_341747a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_341747b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_341747c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplateIDAmbiguity_341747d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeOfUnknownReferences_257194a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypeOfUnknownReferences_257194b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypeOfUnknownMember_447728(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDependentIdExprNamingStaticMember_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNestedArguments_246079(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAliasTemplate_416280_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testAliasTemplate_416280_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFunctionWithVoidParamInTypeDeduction_423127(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testResolutionOfNonDependentNames_293052(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testDistinctDeferredInstances_264367(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug99254a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug99254b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug99254c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNonTypeArgumentDisambiguation_233460(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplatedAliasForTemplateReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testClosingAngleBrackets1_261268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUserDefinedConversions_224364(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testUserDefinedConversions_226231(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTemplatedAliasWithPointerToMember_448785(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testUserDefinedConversions_239023(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBasicClassTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUsingTemplParamInInitializerOfStaticField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMissingTemplateArgumentLists(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariadicTemplatesAndFunctionObjects_401479(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInstantiationOfConstMemberAccess_409107(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testInstantiationOfTypedef_412555(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSpecializationOfBaseClass_409078(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSfinaeInNewExpressionWithDeletedConstructor_430230(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testVariadicTemplateWithNoArguments_422700(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNPE_395074(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testNPE_401140(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
test14_7_2s2_ExplicitInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testOwnerOfFriendTemplateFunction_408181(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNestedTypeSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVariadicNonTypeTemplateParameter_382074(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testVariadicNonTypeTemplateParameter_399039(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithFunctionPointer_281783(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPseudoRecursiveTypedef_408314(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testVariadicNonTypeTemplateParameter_401142(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testVariadicNonTypeTemplateParameter_401400(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testExtendingVariadicTemplateTemplateParameters_302282(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDependentMemberAccess_516290(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testQualifiedMethodTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplateMemberAccessibility(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testVariadicConstructor_395247(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDeductionForConstFunctionType_367562(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUsingTemplateTemplateParameter_279619(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNameLookupInDependentExpression_399829a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNameLookupInDependentExpression_399829b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testConversionSequence_263159(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNewOfThisTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionOrder_462348a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAmbiguityResolutionOrder_462348b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testMemberReferenceFromTemplatedMethodDefinition_238232(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDependentExpressionInvolvingFieldInNestedClass_399362(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testLambda_430428(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_4_1s2_MatchingTemplateSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testInstances(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemplateParameterQualifiedType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSFINAEInAliasTemplateArgs_516338(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDeferredInstances(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemplateParameterWithoutName_352266(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSfinaeInConstructorCall_430230(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testResolutionOfUnknownFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testParameterPackExpansions_280909(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameterMatching_352859(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testDefaultArgsWithPartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_3s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_7_3s16(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSpecifiedTemplateAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
test14_5_5_2s6_FunctionTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCPPConstructorTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTypeTraitWithQualifier_511143(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testParameterPack_485806(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMethodSpecialization_322988(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRebindPattern_236197(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNestedTypedefSpecialization_329795(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDefaultArgument_289132(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate_407579(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testStackOverflow_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStackOverflow_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPartialSpecializationForVarargFunctionType_402807(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplateParameterPacks_280909(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDeferredNonTypeArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionTemplate_245049a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionTemplate_245049b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMemberOfUnknownMemberClass_519819(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
test14_5_4s7_UsingClassTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionOrdering_299608(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_469788(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testDependentPackExpansionInFunctionType_526684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDefinitionOfClassTemplateWithNonTypeParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDelegatingConstructorInPartialSpecialization_512932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testAmbiguityResolution_515453(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testNonTypeBooleanArgumentDisambiguation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTemplate_272848a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionTemplate_272848b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateMemberDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClassTemplateSpecializationPartialOrdering_398044a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testClassTemplateSpecializationPartialOrdering_398044b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDependentTypeBindingToAuto_408470(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testNonTypeTemplateParameterPack_280909(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConstexprMethod_489987(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testPartialSpecializationForRefQualifiedFunctionType_485888(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNestedTemplates_259872a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNestedTemplates_259872b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAliasDeclarationContext(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
test14_7_3s5_SpecializationMemberDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCtorWithTemplateID_259600(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testDependentFunctionSet_485985(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testTemplateConversionOperator_271948a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTemplateConversionOperator_271948b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionParameterPacksInNonFinalPosition_324096(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOutOfLineMethodOfPartialSpecialization_401152(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDeferredInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testArgumentDeduction_293409(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAliasDeclarationNestingLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testInstantiationOfEndlInTemplate_417700(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testDefaultTemplateArgsForFunctionTemplates_294730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMemberAccessInPackExpansion_442213(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug90689_ExplicitInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplatedAliasAsTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
test14_8_3s6_FunctionTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemplateParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVariadicTemplatesNPE_401743(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testNameLookupInDefaultTemplateArgument_399145(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentDestructorName_511122(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testNestedAliasDeclarationNestingLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_6_1s1_LocalNames(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSfinaeWhenResolvingAddressOfFunction_429928(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testStrayFriends_419301(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testTemplatedAliasDeclarationMultipleParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testNestedClassTypeSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPointerToMemberAsDependentExpression_391001(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testRelaxationForTemplateInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDisambiguationInNoexceptSpecifier_467332(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypedefPreservation_380498a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypedefPreservation_380498b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTypedefPreservation_380498c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testEnumeratorInTemplateInstance_265070(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAddressOfMethodForInstantiation_344310(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBasicClassPartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSizeofParameterPackOnTypeid_401973(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testSyntaxErrorInReturnTypeOfFunctionInstance_336426(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testExplicitSpecializationOfForbiddenAsImplicit_356818(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testTypedefReference_259871(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug238180_ClassCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testResolvingAutoTypeWithDependentExpression_367472(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionSetWithNonMatchingTemplateArgs_379604(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testParameterPackInNestedTemplate_441028(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testDependentExpressions_395243a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDependentExpressions_395243b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDependentExpressions_395243c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testDependentExpressions_395243d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testConstructorTemplateInClassTemplate_264314(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testTemplateIdAsTemplateArgumentIsTypeId_229942(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplateShortNameInQualifiedName_367607(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testTemplateMetaProgramming_245027(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDependentExpressions_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDependentExpressions_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSpecializationViaNotDirectlyEnclosingTemplate_333186(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSfinaeInNestedTypeInTemplateArgument_402257(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testTemplatedAliasDeduction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testSpecializationOfClassType_368610a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSpecializationOfClassType_368610b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testSpecializationOfClassType_368610c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testStackOverflowInBaseComputation_418996(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateInstantiationDepthLimit_512297(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec  <<< ERROR!
java.lang.StackOverflowError: null
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPVisitor.findDeclarationOwnerDefinition(CPPVisitor.java:2969)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPVisitor.findDeclarationOwner(CPPVisitor.java:2944)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPVisitor.findNameOwner(CPPVisitor.java:2920)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPTemplateDefinition.getOwner(CPPTemplateDefinition.java:329)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.dom.ast.ASTTypeUtil.appendCppName(ASTTypeUtil.java:878)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.dom.ast.ASTTypeUtil.getQualifiedName(ASTTypeUtil.java:867)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.SignatureBuilder.marshalBinding(SignatureBuilder.java:63)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPDeferredClassInstance.marshal(CPPDeferredClassInstance.java:225)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.SignatureBuilder.marshalType(SignatureBuilder.java:74)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPUnknownMember.marshal(CPPUnknownMember.java:65)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.SignatureBuilder.marshalType(SignatureBuilder.java:74)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.SignatureBuilder.marshalTemplateArgument(SignatureBuilder.java:126)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPDeferredClassInstance.marshal(CPPDeferredClassInstance.java:228)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.SignatureBuilder.marshalType(SignatureBuilder.java:74)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.TypeInstantiationRequest.hashCode(TypeInstantiationRequest.java:46)
	at java.util.HashMap.hash(HashMap.java:338)
	at java.util.HashMap.put(HashMap.java:611)
	at java.util.HashSet.add(HashSet.java:219)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1514)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveDeferredClassInstance(CPPTemplates.java:3071)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:2994)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.createSpecialization(CPPTemplates.java:1085)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.CPPClassSpecialization.specializeMember(CPPClassSpecialization.java:193)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.getBindings(AbstractCPPClassSpecializationScope.java:135)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.getBindingsFromScope(CPPSemantics.java:1380)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.lookup(CPPSemantics.java:1095)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPSemantics.resolveUnknownName(CPPSemantics.java:4458)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknownMember(CPPTemplates.java:3044)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.resolveUnknown(CPPTemplates.java:3000)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateType(CPPTemplates.java:1567)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArgument(CPPTemplates.java:1474)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.CPPTemplates.instantiateArguments(CPPTemplates.java:1409)

testDependentEnumValue_389009(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testValueForSizeofExpression_368309(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testResolutionOfUnknownBindings_262163(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testResolutionOfUnknownBindings_262328(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test14_6_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAutoTypeWithTypedef_368311(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testRecursiveVariadicTemplate_397828(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testUserDefinedConversions_224364a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testUserDefinedConversions_224364b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInlineNamespaces_305980(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNestedAliasTemplate_488456(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAdressOfUniqueTemplateInst_326076(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFunctionParameterPacks_280909(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionInstanceAsTemplateArg_333529(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionInstanceAsTemplateArg_334472(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPartialClassTemplateSpecUsingDefaultArgument_367997(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplateBaseClassConstructorCall_402602(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDependentConditionalExpression_506170(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testResolvingAutoTypeWithDependentExpression_402409a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testResolvingAutoTypeWithDependentExpression_402409b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug238180_ArrayOutOfBounds(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMemberAccessViaReferenceInPackExpansion_466845(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testDeferredConversionOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug239586_ClassCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplatedAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testInstantiationOfArraySize_269926(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateArgumentDeductionWithoutParameters_358654(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testClassTemplateMemberFunctionTemplate_104262(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClosingAngleBrackets2_261268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testTemplatedAliasTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testFunctionTemplateSignatures_335062(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithUsing(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testScopeOfUnkownMemberType_525982(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTemplatedAliasAsFunctionParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
_testAmbiguityResolution_497931(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2TemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testIsTriviallyCopyable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsTrivial(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testHasTrivialCopyCtor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsStandardLayout(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIsPolymorphic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testHasTrivialDestructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TypeTraitsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPointersToFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEmptyClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBugFunctor758(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConstructorChain(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTemplateDeclarationOfFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCBool(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug26467(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug35906(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36073(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36237(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36240(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36250(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36254(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36288(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36290(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36432(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36532(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36551(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36559(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36594(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36600(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36689(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36690(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36691(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36692(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36693(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36696(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36699(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36702(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36703(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36704(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36707(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36708(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36713(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36714(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36717(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36764(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug36771(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36794(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36799(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36811(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36852(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36931(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug36932(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug37019(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39348(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39349(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39501(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39525(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39526(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39528(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39530(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39531(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39532(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39535(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39536(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39537(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39538(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39540(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39542(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39544(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39546(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39549(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39550(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39553(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39554(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39556(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39677(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug39678(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39681(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39686(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39694(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39695(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39703(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39705(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug40007(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug40419(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug40759(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug41935(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug42985(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43062(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43110(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43371(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43644(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug44336(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug44633(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug45235(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47628(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47752(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug57652(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug59179(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug60142(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug61431(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug67622(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug68116(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug69161(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug73524(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBadIdentifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUsingClauses(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPointersToMemberFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEnumSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleClassMembers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36769A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug36769B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug36932A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39504B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39505A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39505B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39536A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39536B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39551A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39551B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39698A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39698B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39701A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39701B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39701C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39704A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39704B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39704C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39704D(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreprocessor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIntGlobal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArrayOfPointerToFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLinkageSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleClassMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElaboratedParms(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndirectDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBugSingleton192(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFunctionDeclarationWithParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArrays(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMemberDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNamespaceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWeirdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testASMDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug36766and36769A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36766and36769B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug36766and36769C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug36766and36769D(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTemplateDeclarationOfClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPointerOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionModifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultipleDeclarators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.QuickParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleSubclass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleSwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testArrayModExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedNamespaceExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testQualifiedNameReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test575513_qualified(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedSubclass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72691_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test57513_ctorinit(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleWhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testASM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43110_XRef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPredefinedSymbol_bug70928_infinite_loop_test1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPredefinedSymbol_bug70928_infinite_loop_test2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEnumeratorReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConstructorChain(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCBool(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleFunctionBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testULong(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLinkageSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39676_tough(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test57513_NoConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedClassReferenceVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testErrorHandling_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test158192_declspec_in_declarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGloballyQualifiedUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39504(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug40842(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug41445(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug41520(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug42541(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug42840(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug42872(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug42979(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug43110(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43373(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43375(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43503(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug43951(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug44249(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug44340(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug44342(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug44510(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug44838(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug44925(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug45235(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug45697(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug46165(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug46246(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47624(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug47625(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug47628(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47636(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug47752(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug47926(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug53786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug54029(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug54531(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug54639(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug55163(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug55673(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug56516(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug57754(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug57791(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug57800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug59149(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug59302(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug60407(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug60939(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug60944(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug61972(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug64010(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testBug64268(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug64271(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug65569(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug67622(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug67680(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug68235(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug68528(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug68623(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug69454(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug69526(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug69662(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug69798(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug71094(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug71733(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72691(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug73428(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug73615(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug73652(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug74069(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug74180(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug74328(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug74847(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug75338(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug76696(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug77009(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug77097(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug77276(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug77281(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug77805(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug77821(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug77921(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug78165(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testParameterExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnaryAmperCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testForwardDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEmptyClassDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBogdansExample(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testQualifiedLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug50984_ASTMethod_getOwnerClassSpecifier_ClassCastException(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNewExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedNamespaceDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTypeIDSignature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUsingClauses(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPointerVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNestedClassname(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUsingDeclarationWithFunctionsAndMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testForewardDeclarationWithUsage(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCDesignatedInitializers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEmptyCompilationUnit(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test57513_new(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43679_A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug43679_B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug102376(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug103560(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug39551A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39551B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug43503A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug71317A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug71317B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72692A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72692B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72692C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug74575A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunctionWithTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsDestructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAndrewsExample(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleDeclaratorsVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGNUASMExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test158192_declspec_on_variable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCBoolAsParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test173874_nestedClasses(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnumerations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExceptionSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleMethodWithTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOverride(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test158192_declspec_on_class(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testComplexTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElaboratedType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPredefinedSymbol_bug70928(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testScoping(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNewXReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleDoStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleClassReferenceVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultipleNamespaceDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testThrowStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDestructorReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CompleteParser2Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug162180_0(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test162180_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test162180_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test162180_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test162180_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRawSignature_Bug117029(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testSimplePreprocessorStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBaseCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTemplateIdNameLocation_Bug211444(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug83664(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug83737(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug83852(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug83853(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84343(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84357(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84366(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug84367(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84374(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84375(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug84467(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug84576(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug85820(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86323(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleObjectStyleMacroDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86698_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86698_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug120607(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug162180(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug171520(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionDeclaratorLocationContainsVirtualSpecifiers_Bug518628(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug157009_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug157009_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug527396_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug527396_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug527396_3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug527396_4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug527396_5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug527396_6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleFunctionStyleMacroDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testObjectMacroExpansionModestDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testArgumentExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testObjectMacroExpansionPartialDeclSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug90978(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug94933(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testObjectMacroExpansionNested(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBuildFunctionMacroName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug186257(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testArgumentCapture(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionMacroNotCalled(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testObjectMacroExpansionComplex(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testObjectStyleMacroExpansionSimpleDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStdioBug(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionMacroExpansionWithNameSubstitution_Bug173637(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMLocationMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroArgumentLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ImageLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMacroLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ImageLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFileLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ImageLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIndirectMacroLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ImageLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRC_Ethereal_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testKRC_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testKRCWithTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug97447(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleKRCTest1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleKRCTest2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleKRCTest3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRCProblem1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRCProblem2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testKRCProblem3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRCProblem4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRCProblem5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug100104(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug203050(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionPtrParameter_378614(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testKRC_monop_cards1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRC_monop_cards2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRC_getParametersOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2KnRTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testKnRC(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleSignature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleTypeId(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSimpleCParameterSignature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testParseIntegral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrimaryBracketedExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionPlus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRelationalGreaterThan(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixTypeIdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrimaryThis(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrimaryBooleanLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixSimpletypesBug42823(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixStaticCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnaryDecrement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnaryNotCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionOr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPostfixIncrement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrimaryCharLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnarySizeofTypeId(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultiplicativeDivide(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrimaryIntegerLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPostfixDotExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRelationalLessThanOrEqual(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRelationalGreaterThanOrEqual(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnarySizeofUnaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEqualityNotEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPostfixArrowExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixConstCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrimaryEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNewTypeId(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testExclusiveOrExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrimaryStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAdditiveMinus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnaryStarCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixTypeIdTypeId2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrimaryFloatLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAdditivePlus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnaryMinusCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixSubscript(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInclusiveOrExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressionAnd(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionDiv(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressionMod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionXOr(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnaryAmpersandCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixDecrement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnaryPlusCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiplicativeModulus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLogicalOrExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnaryIncrement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixTypeIdExpression2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRelationalLessThan(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionLShift(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testShiftRight(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTildeNotCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressionNormal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixReinterpretCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressionRShift(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAndExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLogicalAndExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testShiftLeft(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixDynamicCast(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiplicativeMultiply(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAssignmentExpressionMinus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAssignmentExpressionMulti(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixSubscriptA(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEqualityEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPostfixFunctioncallBug42822(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2UtilOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72372_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72712_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRC_Ethereal_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testLittleThings(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test72220(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testKRC_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testKRCWithTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMethodReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug57898(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug60038(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testBug60264(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug60407(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug61613(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug61800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug63966(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug66744(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug68527(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug68739(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72372(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72710(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72712(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72713(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug72721(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug72818(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug75731(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testBug77989(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug78435(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86126(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testBug86698(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug86870(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug86993(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug87179(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug96702(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug97301(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testBug98806(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleKRCTest1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSimpleKRCTest2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleKRCTest3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionDeclaration2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBaseCase_VariableReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug78231A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug78231B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSimpleWindowsPreprocessorSelections(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConstructorDestructorDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBaseCase_VariableDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testKRC_monop_cards1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testKRC_monop_cards2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConstructorDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testKRC_getParametersOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBaseCase_Parameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2SelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInclusionWithExpansions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testInclusion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testUnreachableImplicitMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMacroInConditional(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroInDefinedExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroInConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testImageLocations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testReachableNestedMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnclosingAMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOrdering(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTNodeSelectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
test7_1_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_5s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_3s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test7_3_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_8_2_5s16a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2_5s16b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test15_3_5s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
test5_3_4s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test8s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_2s5_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_2s5_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_3_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_3_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_3_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_3_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test3_3_5s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_3_6s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test3_4_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test3_4_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_1s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_4_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_4_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_4_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_4s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_4_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test3_6_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_6_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test11s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test2_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test2_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_5s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_5s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_8s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_8s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_8s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_8s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_9s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_9s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_9s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test4_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test5_3_7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_5s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test5_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_9s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_4s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_8s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_8s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_8s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test7_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test7_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_2s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_5s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test8_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_4s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test9_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test9_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_3s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_6s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_7s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test9_7s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_7s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_8s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_9s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test10s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test11s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test13s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test15s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test15s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test8_3_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test8_3_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_4s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_3_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_5s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_6s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_3_6s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_6s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_5_1s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test8_5_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_4_1s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test13_3_1_1_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test7_1_5_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_5_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_1s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_1s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test8_3_1s2c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_5s7a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_5s7b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_3_5s9a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_5s9b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s9a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s9b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_3_6s9c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_3s5a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_5_3s5b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_5_3s5c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test8_5_3s5d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test9_3_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_3_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test9_3_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_3_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test9_4_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_1s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_1s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_2s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_2s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test10_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test10_3s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_4s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_4s4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_4s4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11_1s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_4s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_4s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_1s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_1s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_1s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_1s3c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_4s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_4s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_5s7a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_5s7b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_8s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_8s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s2c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s3d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s3e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s3f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_2s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_2s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test13_4s5a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test13_4s5b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_2_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_1s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_1s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_3s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_2_5s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_3_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_3_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_3_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_3_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test12_6_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test12_6_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_6_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test12_6_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_6_2s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test12_6_2s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_7s1_a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_7s1_b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_1s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_1s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_1s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_1s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_2s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_4s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s1c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_4s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test15_4s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test18_2_1_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_5_5_1s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_5_1s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_6_1s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_5_6_1s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_6_1s8a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_5_6_1s8b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test5_2_7s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_2_7s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_2_8s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_2_9s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_3_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_3_4s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_3_4s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_4_3_2s6a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_3_2s6b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test10_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test10_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_2s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test10_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test10_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test10_3s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test10_4s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test11_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test11_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test11_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test11_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_4s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_4s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test11_5s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test11_6s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_7s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test11_8s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test11_8s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_7s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test12_7s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test12_7s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test12_8s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_8s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test13_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_1s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test14_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_6s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_6s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_7s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test15_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test15_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test15_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test15_4s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test16_2s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test3_4_3_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test3_4_3_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_3_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test3_4_3_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test14_5_1s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_5s9b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_1s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_1s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test3_10s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test3_1s4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test3_1s4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test14_7_1s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_7_1s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_7_1s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_7_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_3s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_7_3s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_3s16(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test14_7_3s17(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_7_3s18(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_1s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2s8a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_2s8c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2s8d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2s8e(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2s8f(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2s8g(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test5_10s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_18s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_2s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_5s4a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_5s4b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_5s7a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_5s7b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_5s7c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test8_2s7a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_2s7b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test8_5s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test13_3_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test13_3_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_3_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_5_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test13_5_7s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test9_1s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_1s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test9_1s2c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_2s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_4s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test9_4s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test13_3_3_1_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_3_3_1_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test8_5_1s11a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test8_5_1s11b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_1_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_1_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test7_3_1_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_1_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_8_2_1s1a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2_1s1b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_4s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_2_4s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
test14_8_2_4s20(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2_4s21(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_5s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
test14_8_2_5s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
test14_8_2_5s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2_5s17(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2_5s18(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_8_2_5s19(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_5s22(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2_5s7a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_2_5s7b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_2_5s7c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_2_5s7d(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test13_3_1_2s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test6_5_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_5_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test13_3_3_2s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_3_3_2s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test13_3_3_2s3c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test12_6_2s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test12_6_2s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_1_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_1_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_1_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_1_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_5_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_5_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_5_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_6_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_6_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
test14_5_6_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_6_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test14_5_6_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
test14_5_6_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test13_3_1_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test13_3_1_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test13_3_3_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test2_13_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test14_1s10a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_1s10b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_3_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_3_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_3_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_3_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_3_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_3_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_3_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_5_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_5_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_5_4s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_4s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_5_4s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_5_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_4s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_5_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_5s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_5_5s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_5_6s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_6_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_6_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_6_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_6_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_6_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test14_6_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_6_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_6_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_6_5s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_7_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_7_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_7_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_7_2s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_7_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_7_2s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_2s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_3s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_3s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_7_3s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test14_8_1s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_1s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_2s1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_8_2s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test14_8_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test14_8_2s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
test14_8_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test14_8_3s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
test14_8_3s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test7_1_1s8a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_1s8b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test7_1_3s3a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_3s3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test7_1_3s5a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_1_3s5b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test7_3_3s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test7_3_3s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_3s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test7_3_4s2a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test7_3_4s2b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
_test14_8_2s8b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test6_7_2_2s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
test6_7_2_3s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3_1s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test6_7_3_1s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3_1s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_2s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_5_2s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_5_2s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test6_7_8s26a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_8s26b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test4s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test5_1_1_3s2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test6_8_6_1s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test6_8_6_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_8_6_4s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test5_1_2_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_1_2_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test5_1_2_3s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test5_1_2_3s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_1_2_3s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test5_1_2_3s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_2_1s18a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_2_1s18b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_4_4_4s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_10_1s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_2_5s28(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_15s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_5_6s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_7_8s24(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s25(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s27(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_8s28(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test6_7_8s29(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s31(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s32(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s33(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s34(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_8s35(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_8s36(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_8s38(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_9_1s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_9_1s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_5_2_3s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_5_2_5s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_3_4s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_3_4s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_2_1s17(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_2_3s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_2_3s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3_1s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_3_1s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_3_1s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_2s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_3s16(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_3s18(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_5_3s19(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_3s20(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_5_3s21(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_2_7s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_4s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_7s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_7s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_7_7s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test6_7_7s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_7_7s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_8_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_8_3s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_8_3s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_8_4s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_9_2s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_10_3_3s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_10_3_5s3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_10_3_5s4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_10_3_5s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test6_10_3_5s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_10_3_5s7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test6_10_3_5s8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_10_3_5s9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test6_5_16_1s5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_16_1s6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_5_2_2s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_3s8a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_3s8b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test6_5_2_5s10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_5s11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test6_5_2_5s12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
test6_5_2_5s13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_5s14(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_5s15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
test6_5_2_5s16(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CSpecTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug72372_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testBug72712_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test72220(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMethodReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBugMethodDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug57898(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testBug60038(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug60264(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug60407(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug61613(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug61800(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug63966(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug64181(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug64326(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug66744(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug68527(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug68739(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug72372(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug72710(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug72712(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug72713(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug72721(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug72814(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug72818(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug73398(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug75731(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testBug77989(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug78114(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBug78389(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug78435(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug78625(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug78656(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug79811(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug79877(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug79965(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug80823(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug80826(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug86504(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug86993(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug92605(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionDeclaration2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBaseCase_VariableReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug43128A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug43128B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug43128C(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBaseCase_Error(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug64326A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug64326B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug78231A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug78231B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug86698A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug86698B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBaseCase_FunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConstructorDestructorDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBaseCase_VariableDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConstructorDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBugLabelWithMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBaseCase_Parameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMSelectionParseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test__float128(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testBug74190_g_return_if_fail(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test_Decimal32(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test_Decimal64(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug74190_g_assert_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test_Decimal128(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
test__offsetof__Bug265001(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
test__attribute__aligned_bug400204(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug39677(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testBug39681(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug39684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39686(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug39695(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39697(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug75401(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBug95635(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testGNUExternalTemplate_bug71603(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug39551B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug39698A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug39698B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug73954A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug73954B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test__int128(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
test__builtinOffsetof_Bug265001(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPredefinedSymbol_bug69791(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypeTraits_Bug342683(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.GCCCompleteParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPragmaWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testElIf(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIf(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testErrorWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIfnDefWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMacroExpansion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testElIfWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElifWithoutCondition_bug185324(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIfnDef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPragma(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIfDefWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMPreprocessorInformationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCountCommentsInHeaderFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCommentsInHeaderFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCountCommentsInCFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCommentsInCPPFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testCommentsInCFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCommentInDirectives_bug192546(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCountCommentsInCPPFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCommentLocation_bug186337(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCommentsInInactiveCode_bug183930(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CommentTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTaskParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.TaskParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testCamelCaseCompletion_CPPScope(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testBug279931a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCompletionInParamlistOfCtor_338949(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCompletionInSizeof340664(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCompletionInDesignatedInitializor_353281a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCompletionInDesignatedInitializor_353281b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVar(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCompletionInCtorOfVariable_223660(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCamelCaseCompletion_CVisitor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCamelCaseCompletion_CScope(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug181624(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBug267911(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug279931(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBug280934(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBug284245(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testQualifiedMemberAccess_Bug300139(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNewExpressions_Bug313982a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testNewExpressions_Bug313982b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNewExpressions_Bug313982c(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCamelCaseCompletion_CPPASTQualifiedName_CPPClassScope(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCompletionInCtorOfMemberInitializer_327064(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCompletionInCtorOfMemberInitializer_351009(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIncompleteKnrFunction_Bug324384(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCastExpression_Bug301933(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConditionalOperator_Bug308611(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIncompleteKnrFunction_Bug324384b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.prefix.BasicCompletionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testProperFail(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CharArrayMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBasicUsage1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CharArrayMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBasicUsage2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CharArrayMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOrderedMap(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.CharArrayMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCompositeTypeWithDtorWithoutSemi(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testPerformanceIssue_364108(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testEnumError_Bug72685(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUndefinedMacrosInFunctionDeclarations_Bug234085(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIncompleteNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEnumProblem(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIncompleteFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProblemInIfExpression_Bug100321(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testCompositeTypeWithoutSemi(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIncompleteLinkageSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrototypeWithoutSemi(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testExpressionWithoutSemi_314593(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testErrorRecovery_273759(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVariableWithoutSemi(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIncompleteCompositeType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRangeOfProblemNode_Bug238151(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.FaultToleranceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPOP_marshallingData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testSlashPercentComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testSizeofExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionStyleAssembler(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPOP_parclass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPOP_objectDescriptor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPOP_packDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.LanguageExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAmbiguity(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testExternC(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testOpenBraceInInactiveBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testUnexpectedBranchesInInactiveCode(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIfdefBranches(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testIfBranches(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testDuplicateDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testIfndefBranches(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testInactiveClosingBrace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testStructs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testOpenBraceInActiveBranch(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.ASTInactiveCodeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFriends(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testPublicTypedefForFriendClass_427730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testHiddenMember(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testEnclosingAsNamingClass_292232(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPublicTypedefForPrivateMemberClass_427730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPrivateTypedef_427730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAccessibilityForAliasedTypeInSameClass_427730(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnclosingAsNamingClass_292232a(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AccessControlTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMethodCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testSimpleAccess(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFieldAccess(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVariadicFunctionCall_452416(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConstructorCall_393068(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariableDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.VariableReadWriteFlagsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testAttributeWithKeywordArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAttributedForRangeDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleAttributes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDeletedCtor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedUsingDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedLambda(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCAttributedStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedSimpleDeclarationInStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedElaboratedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCAttributeAfterOverride_bug413615(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedRvalueRefOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedSelectionStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedMultidimensionalNewArrayExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedTryBlockStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDefaultedDtor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedCompoundStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedSimpleDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedArrayDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedExpressionStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedEnumDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributeWithBalancedArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedNewArrayExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedJumpStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLeadingNoreturnFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedAliasDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPackExpansionAttribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedExceptionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testAttributedSwitchLabels(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testScopedAttribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMultipleSequentialAttributeSpecifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEmptyAttributeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedPtrOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testTrailingNoreturnFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedConditionWithInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testLeadingNoReturnFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributeInLabeledStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributedIterationStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCAttributedVariableDeclarator_bug391572(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTrailingNoReturnFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAttributeWithEmptyArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAttributedRefOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.AST2CPPAttributeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFieldTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testVariableTemplateInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariableTemplateWithTemplateTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test_bug494216(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testLambdaValue_517670(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFieldTemplateUse(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testVariableTemplatePack(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFieldTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFieldTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testStackOverflow_513429(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFieldTemplateDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testVariableTemplateUse(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFieldTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testVariableTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testVariableTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testVariableTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFieldTemplateInTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testVariableTemplateDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.VariableTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMultipleReturnsSameType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testPartiallyRecursiveFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMultipleReturnsDifferentTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDecltypeAutoInTrailingReturnType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMultipleReturnsDifferingByConst(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testLambdaWithMultipleReturnsDifferingByConst(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSingleReturn(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFullyRecursiveFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testVirtualAutoFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAutoRef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testVoidFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDecltypeAuto(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInitializerList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAutoInTrailingReturnType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testAddressOfFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testUseAfterDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testRedeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAutoInLambdaReturnType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testOutOfLineMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDecltypeAutoWithDecoration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAutoPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUseWithoutDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBasicCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testConversionToFunctionPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariadicAutoParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNestedGenericLambdas(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testBug43021(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.DOMGCCSelectionParseExtensionsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testDescriptorCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDescriptorOwner(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtensionCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testExtensionGet(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtensionData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testExtensionRemove(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testProjectDataCreate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testProjectDataDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testConcurrentDescriptorCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testConcurrentDescriptorCreation2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 5.768 sec
testDeadlockDuringProjectCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.441 sec
testProjectStorageDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.core.cdescriptor.tests.CDescriptorOldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testSimpleVar(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testOldStyleLoad(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.38 sec
testSettingsOverwrite(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testSettingsOverwriteBug295436(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testBug265282(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testBug284843(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.318 sec
testNoChangeToOneVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testEnvironmentChangeListener(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testGetSetAppend(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testNewStyleOverwrite(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testOldStyleLoadConflictingSchedulingRule(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testBrokenCaching(org.eclipse.cdt.core.envvar.IEnvironmentVariableManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testGccErrorMessages_C90Comments_bug193982(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testGccErrorMessages_DangerousFunction_bug248669(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMultipleIncludesError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBasicMessages(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testGccErrorMessages_InstantiatedFromHere(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGccErrorMessages_RequiredFromHere(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGccErrorMessages_ConflictingTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGccErrorMessages_Infos(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGccErrorMessages_Colon_bug263987(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GCCErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLinkerMessages0(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GLDErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLinkerMessages1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GLDErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLinkerMessages2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GLDErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testLinkerMessages_DangerousFunction_bug248669(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GLDErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testLinkerMessages_PrecedingPath_bug314253(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.GLDErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testGmakeMessages0(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.MakeErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testGmakeMessages2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.MakeErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testGmakeSanity(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.MakeErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testGMakeMessages1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.MakeErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testErrorsInFiles output-1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.FileBasedErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testLongLinesParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testParsersSanity(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testLongLinesUntrimmedParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNoTrimParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testParsersSanityTrimmed(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOutput(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.169 sec
testWorkspaceLevelError(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testInNestedProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.689 sec
testRelativePathDotDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.319 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_Jobs1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.315 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_gmake(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testPushPop_WithNoLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testAbsolutePathInOtherProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.434 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_Jobs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_J_1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_J_2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testWindowsPathOnLinux_Bug263977(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.319 sec
testBuildDirVsProjectRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testDuplicateInLinkedFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.314 sec
testPushDirectorySingleQuote(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testCygwinUsrUnclude(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.318 sec
testUppercase2InSubFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testDuplicateLinkedFileDifferentName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.314 sec
testPushDirectoryAndCache(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testPushDirectory(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testAbsoluteFileVsLink(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.318 sec
testRelativePathFromProjectRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testMappedRemoteAbsolutePath_Bug264704(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testRelativePathDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testRelativePathNotMatchingFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.211 sec
testUppercase3ResolveCase(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.218 sec
testDuplicateLinkedFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.313 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_J1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_J2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testRelativePathDotNotMatchingFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testBuildDir(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testRelativePathUp(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testLinkedFileWithDifferentName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testCygwinCygdrive(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testSymbolicLink(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.347 sec
testInFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testDuplicateFolderSymbolicLink(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.336 sec
testPushAbsoluteDirectory(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testRelativePathDotFromProjectRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testDuplicateInRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testLinkedFolderInAnotherProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.617 sec
testCygwinAnotherProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.611 sec
testAbsolutePathOutsideWorkspace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testRelativePathUpDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testLinkedFile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testMissing(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.304 sec
testRelativePathUpOtherProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.613 sec
testRelativePathUpSubfolderBug262988(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testUppercase4Duplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testFolderSymbolicLink(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testMappedRemoteAbsolutePathAnotherProject_Bug264704(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.611 sec
testDuplicateSymbolicLink(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.314 sec
testInLinkedFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.313 sec
testPopDirectory(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.314 sec
testDisablePushDirectoryOnParallelBuild_J(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testRelativePathFromSubfolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testRelativePathDotFromSubfolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testCustomProjectLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.62 sec
testCygwinAndMakeErrorParserBug270772(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testSingle(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testAbsolutePathSingle(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testUppercase1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testEfsProjectBuildDirURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.683 sec
testRelativePathFromProjectRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.335 sec
testRelativePathDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.222 sec
testRelativePathNotMatchingFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testBuildDir(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.315 sec
testRelativePathUpSubfolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testInFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testDuplicateInRoot(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testEfsProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.619 sec
testRelativePathFromSubfolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.213 sec
testRelativePathDotFromSubfolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testEfsProjectPushPopDirectory(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.617 sec
testInNonEfsFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testSingle(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testEfsVsRegular(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.307 sec
testFullPath(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.ErrorParserEfsFileMatchingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.344 sec
testRegexErrorParserParseOutput(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.324 sec
testSerializeRegexErrorParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testGetErrorParserCopy(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.304 sec
testRegexErrorParserAddDeletePattern(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testSerializeRegexErrorParserSpecialCharacters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.307 sec
testCompatibility(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.307 sec
testRegexErrorParserExternalLocation_bug301338(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testExtensionsSorting(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testUserDefinedErrorParsers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.328 sec
testSerializeErrorParser(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testAvailableErrorParsers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testSerializeDefaultErrorParserIds(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testRegexErrorParserPatternOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testDefaultErrorParserIds(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.errorparsers.tests.RegexErrorParserTests)  Time elapsed: 0.306 sec
testGetIncludeName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IIncludeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGetElementName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testGetElementName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testGetFields(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testGetField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testGetMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testGetMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testIsStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testIsClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testIsUnion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testIsAbstract(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testGetBaseTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testGetAccessControl(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testAnonymousStructObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testInnerStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.IStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testGetFields(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testGetField(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testGetMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGetMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testIsStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testIsClass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testIsUnion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testIsAbstract(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testGetBaseTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testGetAccessControl(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testAnonymousStructObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testInnerStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralStructureTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ITemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGetNumberOfTemplateParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ITemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGetTemplateParameterTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ITemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testGetTemplateSignature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ITemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testGetChildrenOfTypeTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testGetNumberOfTemplateParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testGetTemplateParameterTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testGetTemplateSignature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.StructuralTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testIsValidTranslationUnitName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSourceExclusionFilters_179474(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testSourceExclusionFilters_275609(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testPickUpBinariesInNewFolder_131165(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.284 sec
testBinaryContainerDeltaAfterCloseProjDeleteBin_349564(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testFileType(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testHasNature(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testBinaryInProjectRoot_294965(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testCModelElements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelElementsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testIdentifierConsistency(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelIdentifierTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testCreationNoStatus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelExceptionTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCreationWithStatus(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelExceptionTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElementDoesNotExist(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelExceptionTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testElementExists(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelExceptionTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreprocessorNodes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelBuilderInactiveCodeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testIsPrivate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsProtected(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsExport(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsExtern(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsInline(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsAbstract(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsPublic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsStatic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsVirtual(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsExplicit(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsVolatile(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsMutable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIsRegister(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.FlagTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGetBinaries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ArchiveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testIsArchive(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ArchiveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testisBinRead(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.478 sec
testGetChildren(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.718 sec
testIsSharedLib(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testIsExecutable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
testGetData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
testGetText(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.179 sec
testIsBinary(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testIsObject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
testGetNeededSharedLibs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
testHasDebug(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.179 sec
testGetBss(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.215 sec
testGetCpu(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testGetSoname(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.BinaryTests)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
testGetElement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testGetChildren(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testIsValidSourceUnitName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testBug23478A(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testBug23478B(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testIsTranslationUnit(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.TranslationUnitTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testDeclarators_0001(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testDeclarators_0002(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testDeclarators_0003(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDeclarators_0004(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testDeclarators_0005(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testDeclarators_0006(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testDeclarators_0007(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDeclarators_0011(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDeclarators_0012(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDeclarators_0013(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testDeclarators_0014(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testDeclarators_0015(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testDeclarators_0016(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testDeclarators_0017(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testDeclarators_0023(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testDeclarators_0024(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testDeclarators_0031(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.DeclaratorsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testBug40759(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.MacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testCPathEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CPathEntryTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testPathEntryContainer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CPathEntryTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testSetExclusionFilter_Bug197486(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CPathEntryTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testCPathEntriesDelta(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CPathEntryTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testConfigurationDescriptionReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionReferenceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testConfigurationDescriptionReferencing(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionReferenceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testDependencyOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionReferenceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.22 sec
testUpdateExportedSettingsNamedConfig(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testExportedSettingsExternalUpdate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testUpdateExportedSettingsActiveCfg(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testProjectImport(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
_testExportedSettingsCyclicExternalUpdate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CConfigurationDescriptionExportSettings)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testChangeLanguageSet(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.139 sec
testRestoreDefaults(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testRefs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testCheckAllProvidedSettingTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testProviderUpdate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.105 sec
testSameMacroWithDifferentValuesAndDifferentLanguageIds(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testCreateCfg(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ExternalSettingsProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testDefaultSettingConfig(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CfgSettingsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testDelta_SOURCE_REMOVED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testDelta_DESCRIPTION(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testDelta_SOURCE_EXTENSIONS(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testDelta_SETTING_ENTRIES(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testDelta_CFG_REF_ADDED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDelta_LANGUAGE_ID(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testDelta_EXCLUDE(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testDelta_EXT_REF(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testDelta_EXTERNAL_SETTINGS_ADDED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testDelta_CFG_REF_REMOVED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testDelta_EXTERNAL_SETTINGS_REMOVED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDelta_INDEX_CFG(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testDelta_SOURCE_CONTENT_TYPE(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testDelta_ERROR_PARSER_IDS(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testDelta_NAME(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testDelta_BINARY_PARSER_IDS(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testDelta_LANGUAGE_SETTINGS_PROVIDERS(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testDelta_SOURCE_ADDED(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testDelta_ACTIVE_CFG(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testProjectCreatingState(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ProjectCreationStateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testCreateProjectDescriptionForCreatingDes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ProjectCreationStateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testCreateProjectDescriptionForInexistingDes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ProjectCreationStateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testCreateProjectDescriptionForCreatedDes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.ProjectCreationStateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testICDescriptorGetProjectData(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.BackwardCompatibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testCPathEntriesForOldStyle(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.BackwardCompatibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testPathEntriesForNewStyle(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.BackwardCompatibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testModulesCopiedOnCreateNewConfig(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testSetDescriptionWithRootIncompatibleRuleAquired(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testBug242955(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testSetInvalidDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testCreateProjectDescriptionInvalidProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSetInvalidCreatingDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionBasicTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testReadOnlyProjectDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionStorageTests)  Time elapsed: 2.182 sec
testExternalCProjDescModification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionStorageTests)  Time elapsed: 5.325 sec
testExternalCProjDescRemoveAndReplace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.CProjectDescriptionStorageTests)  Time elapsed: 2.032 sec
testPathSettingsContainerRemove(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.PathSettingsContainerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPathSettingsContainerCreate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.PathSettingsContainerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPathSettingsContainer_Bug208765(org.eclipse.cdt.core.settings.model.PathSettingsContainerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testASTCache(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ASTCacheTests)  Time elapsed: 1.478 sec
testAsmModelElements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.AsmModelBuilderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testAsmLabelRanges(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.AsmModelBuilderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testModelBuilderBug222398(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelBuilderBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testModelBuilderBug262785(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelBuilderBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testModelBuilderBug274490(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.CModelBuilderBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testPathSettingLost(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.Bug311189)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testBaseProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testExtensionBaseProviderSubclass(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditableProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBaseProviderConfigure(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBaseProviderCantReconfigure(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSerializableProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtensionCustomProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsExtensionsTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWorkspaceProvider_ReplaceRawProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConfigurationDescription_ProvidersUniqueId(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testWorkspaceProvider_ReplaceWithWorkspaceProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEntriesByKind_CompositeKind(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testConfigurationDescription_Providers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWorkspaceProvider_Basic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testProvider_Basic(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEntriesByKind_Undefined(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRudeProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testEntriesByKind_Regular(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEntriesByKind_ConflictingEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWorkspaceProvider_Equals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testProvider_DefaultEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.211 sec
testProvider_Regular(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testConfigurationDescription_SerializeProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testProvider_ParentFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testEntriesByKind_ConflictingProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEntriesByKind_LocalAndSystem(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCloneShallow(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProvider_serializeAttributesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEntryFlagsDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLanguageScopeDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTwoLanguagesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNullLanguageResourceDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCustomParameterDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClone(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSort_Kinds(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSort_Undef(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLanguagesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNullLanguageScopeDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNullLanguageDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNullConfigurationResourceDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSort_Entries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNullConfigurationLanguageResourceFlagDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLanguageAndNullDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCLibraryFileEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCLibraryPathEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCMacroEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProvider_EmptyDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNullConfigurationDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTwoResourcesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testProvider_SettersGetters(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMixedSettingEntriesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEquals_DefaultProperties(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNullConfigurationLanguageDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStoreEntriesWithProjectDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testProvider_serializeEntriesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCIncludeFileEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNullResourceDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCMacroFileEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCIncludePathEntryDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProvider_RegularDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testParentFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testProvider_SetStoringEntriesInProjectArea(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsSerializableProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProjectPersistence_ReferenceExtensionProviderDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_ProviderExtensionCopy(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_UnmodifiedExtensionProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProjectDescription_PreventBackDoorAccess(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testProjectPersistence_SubclassedSerializableProviderDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_NoProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProjectPersistence_MixedProvidersDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_ShadowedExtensionProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.205 sec
testProjectPersistence_ProviderExtensionReferenceDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProjectPersistence_OverrideExtensionProviderDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProjectPersistence_Defaults(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testProjectPersistence_ProviderExtensionCopyDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_Defaults(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_ModifiedExtensionProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testProjectPersistence_RealProjectSplitStorage(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testProjectPersistence_UserProviderDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testWorkspacePersistence_GlobalProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProjectPersistence_TwoConfigurationsDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testProjectPersistence_RealProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testProjectPersistence_SplitStorageDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testProjectDescription_ReadWriteDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testProjectPersistence_SerializableProviderDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsPersistenceProjectTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testListenerRegisterer_CheckExtensionProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testDelta_AffectedResources_DefaultResource(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testListenerRegisterer_TwoGlobalMinusOne(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testNotification_globalProvider_SerializeEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testDelta_AffectedResources_Mix(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.128 sec
testDelta_AffectedResources_Folder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.128 sec
testNotification_cfgProvider_AddNonEmptyProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testListenerRegisterer_TwoGlobal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
testListenerRegisterer_OneOwnedByCfg(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testNotification_globalProvider_AddNonEmptyProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testNotification_globalProvider_AddEmptyProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.121 sec
testDelta_AffectedResources_Project(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testListenerRegisterer_GlobalProviderAddRemoveOutsideTheProject(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.228 sec
testListenerRegisterer_TwoOwnedByCfgs(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.13 sec
testNotification_cfgProvider_SerializeEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testListenerRegisterer_GlobalProviderNotInUse(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testNotification_cfgProvider_SerializeEntriesConcurrent(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testListenerRegisterer_GlobalProviderTwoProjects(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
testListenerRegisterer_OneGlobal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testNotification_cfgProvider_AddEmptyProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testDelta_AffectedResources_File(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsListenersTests)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testLocal(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testNulls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testWorkspacePath(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testResourceLanguages(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testFilesystemPathNoDriveLetter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testRegular(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testRelativePath(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testRelativePathWithDots(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testFramework(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testResolvedPath(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testEnvironmentVars(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testParentFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsScannerInfoProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testNulls(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsProviderReferencedProjectsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRecursiveReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsProviderReferencedProjectsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testReferencedProjectProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.settings.providers.LanguageSettingsProviderReferencedProjectsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testElementDeltas(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.ElementDeltaTests)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testWorkingCopy(org.eclipse.cdt.core.model.tests.WorkingCopyTests)  Time elapsed: 1.039 sec
testRetireDepth2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.184 sec
testRetireDepth5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
testInitialFailures(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRotations(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRandomDepth5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRetireDepth10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.087 sec
testReplace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRandomDepth10(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testRandomDepth15(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testRandomDepth20(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testDepth4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.685 sec
testDeletion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.PositionTrackerTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCollected(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testNameLookup(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testResourceDelta(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testDeref(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testLinkedResourceFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testFindFilesByLocation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.ResourceLookupTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testStringBuilderMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.StringBuilderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testSafe(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.StringBuilderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug220158(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.tests.StringBuilderTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOverriddenWorkspaceContentTypeMapping1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testOverriddenWorkspaceContentTypeMapping2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testDirectWorkspaceContentTypeMapping(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testDirectProjectContentTypeMapping(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testDirectFileMapping(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testOverriddenProjectContentTypeMapping(org.eclipse.cdt.core.language.LanguageInheritanceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
CCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.449 sec
CPPCastExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
ArraySubscrition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
CPPBinaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.195 sec
BinaryExpression with MacroExpansions(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.203 sec
GPPBinaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.175 sec
ConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
ExpressionList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
FieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CPPFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
FunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
IdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
LiteralExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CPPLiteralExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
UnaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CPPUnaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
CPPUnaryExpression without operand Bug 318552(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
TypeIdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CPPTypeIdExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CPPDeleteExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CPPNewExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CPPSimpleTypeConstructorExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
DeclSpecifierTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
CompositeTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
ElaboratedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
EnumeratioSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
NamedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
SimpleDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CDeclSpecifer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CCompositeTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CElaboratedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CEnumeratioSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CSimpleDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
protected Base Specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
private Base Specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CPPNamedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
SimpleDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
ICPPSimpleDeclSpecifier mutable Bug 40(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
C++0x auto keyword Bug 318588(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
C++0x long long keyword Bug 318588(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
C++0x decltype(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
C++0x typeof(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier declared final(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
decltype(auto)(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
Commented DeclSpecifierTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented CompositeTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented ElaboratedTypeSpecifier 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented ElaboratedTypeSpecifier 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented EnumeratioSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
NamedTypeSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
SimpleDeclSpecifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented CPPCompositeTypeSpecifier 8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
Commented CPPNamedTypeSpecifier 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented CPPNamedTypeSpecifier 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented SimpleDeclSpecifier 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented SimpleDeclSpecifier 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented DeclSpecifier in Definition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
DeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
ArrayDeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
FieldDeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CStandardFunctionDeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CPPStandardFunctionDeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CPPFunctionDeclaratorTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
CKnRFunctionDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
ICPPASTDeclarator with nested declarator being a variable(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
ICPPASTDeclarator with nested declarator and redundant parentheses (org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
ICPPASTDeclarator with nested declarator as a method(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
ICPPASTReferenceOperator rvalue reference(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
ICPPASTFunctionDeclarator in member function declared final(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
ICPPASTFunctionDeclarator in member function declared override(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.19 sec
ICPPASTFunctionDeclarator in member function declared override final(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.185 sec
ICPPASTFunctionDeclarator in member function definition declared final(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
Noexcept without expression specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
Noexcept with expression specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Nested noexcept specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
Multiple nested noexcept specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Basic UDL operator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented DeclaratorTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented DeclaratorTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented CPPFunctionDeclaratorTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented CPPFunctionDeclaratorTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented CPPFunctionDeclaratorTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented CPPFunctionDeclaratorTest 4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator3b(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator6(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator7(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator8(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator9(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator11(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator12(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented ICPPASTFunctionTryBlockDeclarator13(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
BreakStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CaseDefaultStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CompoundStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
ContinueStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
DeclarationStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
DoStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
ExpressionStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
ForStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
C ForStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Goto&LabelStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CPP GNU Goto Expression Statement Test(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
C GNU Goto Expression Statement Test(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.179 sec
IfStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
IfStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
C IfStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
NullStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
ReturnStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
SwitchStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
SwitchStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
GNUSwitchStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
GNUSwitchStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
WhileStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
C WhileStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
TryBlockStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
MixedStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
ArrayDeclarationStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented BreakStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented BreakStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
Commented CompoundStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented CompoundStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented ContinueStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented ContinueStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Commented DeclarationStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented DeclarationStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented DoStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented DoStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented DoStatementTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented ExpressionsStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented ExpressionsStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented ExpressionsStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented ForStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented ForStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented ForStatementTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented GotoStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Commented GotoStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
Commented GotoStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented GotoStatement4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Commented GotoStatement5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented LabelStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented LabelStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented LabelStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Commented LabelStatement4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
Commented LabelStatement5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented IfStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented IfStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented IfStatementTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented IfStatementTest 4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
Commented IfStatementTest 5(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
NullStatementTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented ReturnStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented ReturnStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Commented ReturnStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented SwitchStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented SwitchStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Commented SwitchStatementTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented WhileStatementTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented WhileStatementTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented WhileStatementTest 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
TryBlockStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
NameTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
QualifiedName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
FullyQualifiedName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
OperatorName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
ConversionName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
TemplateID(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
NestedTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented NameTest1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented NameTest2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented NameTest2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Commented QualifiedName1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented QualifiedName1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented QualifiedName1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented OperatorName1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented OperatorName2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented ConversionName1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented ConversionName2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented ConversionName3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented TemplateID1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented TemplateID2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented NestedTemplates1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented NestedTemplates2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
InitializerExpressionTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
InitializerListTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
DesignatedInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
CPPConstructorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
CArrayDesignator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
ASMDeclarationTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
FunctionDefinitionTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
SimpleDeclarationTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
ExplicitTemplateInstantion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
GPPExplicitTemplateInstantion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
LinkageSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
NamespaceAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
NamespaceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
TemplateDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
NestedTemplateDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
TemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
UsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
UsingDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
VisibilityLabel(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentBeforeSimpleDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Typename qualifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Variadic Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented ASMDeclarationTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
Commented ASMDeclarationTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Commented FunctionDefinitionTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented FunctionDefinitionTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented SimpleDeclarationTest 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
Commented SimpleDeclarationTest 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented ExplicitTemplateInstantion 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented ExplicitTemplateInstantion 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented GPPExplicitTemplateInstantion 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented LinkageSpecification 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Commented LinkageSpecification 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.172 sec
Commented NamespaceAlias 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Commented NamespaceAlias 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Commented NamespaceDefinition 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Commented NamespaceDefinition 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Commented NamespaceDefinition 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented NamespaceDefinition 4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented TemplateDeclaration 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented TemplateDeclaration 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Commented NestedTemplateDeclaration 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Commented NestedTemplateDeclaration 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Commented TemplateSpecialization 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Commented TemplateSpecialization 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Commented UsingDeclaration 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Commented UsingDirective 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented VisibilityLabel 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
Comment BeforeSimpleDeclaration 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Comment BeforeSimpleDeclaration 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Commented typename qualifier 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented typename qualifier 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
[temp.names] examples abschnitt 4/1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
[temp.names] examples abschnitt 4/2, didn't work cause of Bug# 164482(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
[temp.alias] Template alias declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Variadic Function Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Variadic Class Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Variable Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Field Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Field Template in Template(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
CommentRecognition000(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CommentRecognition00(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition0(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingDoubleComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
DeclarationWithLeadingDoubleComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingAndLeadingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingAndLeadingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Method witch Trailercomment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Method witch Trailercomment2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Method witch Trailercomment3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
ClassCommentTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Comment1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Comment2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Comment3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Comment4 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition4 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition5 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition6 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition7 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition8 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition9 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition10 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition11 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition11b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition12 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition13 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
CommentRecognition14 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.176 sec
CommentRecognition15 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition16 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
CommentRecognition17 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition18 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.166 sec
CommentRecognition19 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition20 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition21 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition22 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition23 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition24 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition25 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition26 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition27 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition28 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CommentRecognition29 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition30 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition31 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition32 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition33 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition34 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition35 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition36 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition37 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
CommentRecognition38 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition39 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition40 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition41 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition42 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition43 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition44 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
CommentRecognition44b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition44c - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition44d - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition45 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition46 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition47 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition48 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition48b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition49 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition50 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition51 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition52 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition53 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition54 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition55 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition56 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition57 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition58 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition59 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
CommentRecognition60 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition61 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition62 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition63 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CommentRecognition64 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition65 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition66 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition67 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition68 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CommentRecognition69 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition100 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition101 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition102 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition103 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition104 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented TemplateFunction1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented TemplateFunction2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
Commented TemplateFunction3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
Commented ExpressionList1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Commented ExpressionList2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Commented ExpressionList3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Attributed Lambda(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Attributed Array New Initialization(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Attributed Multidimensional Array(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
Attributed Label(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
Attributed Switch Labels(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
Attributed Expression Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Attributed Compound Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Attributed Selection Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Iteration Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Attributed Jump Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Attributed Try Block Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Attributed Condition with Initializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Attributed For Range Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Alias Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Attributed Enum Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Using Directive(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Attributed Function Declarator in Definition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Attributed Class(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Attributed Exception Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Attributed Elaborated Type Specifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
Attributed Decl Specifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Attributed Type Specifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Attributed Ptr Operators(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Attributed Reference Operator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Attributed Rvalue Reference Operator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Function Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Declarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Attributed Array Declarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Attributed Simple Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Function Definition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
Attributed Deleted Constructor(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
Attributed Simple Declaration in Statement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Do-while Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
Attributed For Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
Attributed Range-Based For Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Break Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
Attributed Continue Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
Attributed Goto Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Attributed GNU Goto Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
Attributed Null Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
Attributed Switch Statement 514684(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Empty Attribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
Multiple Sequential Attribute Specifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Multiple Attributes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
Pack Expansion Attribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
Multiple Pack Expansions Attribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
Scoped Attribute(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
Attribute with Empty Argument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Attribute with Balanced Argument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Attribute with Keyword Argument(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
GCC Attribute Sequence(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
GCC Attributed Using Directive(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
GCC Attributed Namespace Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
GCC Attributed Function Definition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
GCC Attributed Enum Declaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
GCC Attributed Elaborated Type Specifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
GCC Attributed Pointer Declarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
GCC Attributed Declarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ASTWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionDefaultCaptureByCopyNoDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionEmptyIntroducerTrailingReturnTypeDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionEmptyIntroducerExceptionSpecificationDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionEmptyIntroducerMutableDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionEmptyIntroducerNoDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionThisCaptureNoDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionDefaultCaptureByReferenceNoDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteAllEmbracingLambdaExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionEmptyIntroducerSimpleDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWriteLambdaExpressionMixedCaptureNoDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.astwriter.ExpressionWriterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
CommentHandlingTest 1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
CommentHandlingTest 2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentHandlingTest 3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentHandlingTest 4 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CommentRecognition00(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition0(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingDoubleComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
DeclarationWithLeadingDoubleComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingAndLeadingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
DeclarationWithTraillingComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
Method with Trailercomment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
Method with Trailercomment2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
Method with Trailercomment3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
ClassCommentTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
CommentRecognition3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition4 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition5 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition6 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition7 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition8 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition9 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
CommentRecognition10 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition11 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition11b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition12 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition13 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition14 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
CommentRecognition15 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition16 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition17 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition18 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition19 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CommentRecognition20 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition21 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
CommentRecognition22 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition23 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
CommentRecognition24 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition25 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition26 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition27 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition28 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition29 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition30 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition31 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition32 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition33 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition34 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition35 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
CommentRecognition36 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition37 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition38 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition39 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition40 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition41 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition42 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition43 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition44 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition44b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition44c - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition45 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition46 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
CommentRecognition47 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.234 sec
CommentRecognition48 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition48b - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
CommentRecognition49 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition50 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition51 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition52 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition53 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition54 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition55 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition56 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition57 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition58 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition59 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition60 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition61 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
CommentRecognition62 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition63 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
CommentRecognition64 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition65 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
CommentRecognition66 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
CommentRecognition67 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition68 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
CommentRecognition69 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
CommentRecognition70 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition100(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition101(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
CommentRecognition102(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition103(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition104(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
CommentRecognition200 - von ASTWriter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition201 - von ASTWriter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition202 - von ASTWriter DeclarationStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
CommentRecognition203 - von ASTWriter ForStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition204 - von ASTWriter LabelStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition205 - von ASTWriter IfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
CommentRecognition206 - von ASTWriter SwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
CommentRecognition207 - von ASTWriter WhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CommentRecognition208 - von ASTWriter ExplicitTemplateInstantiationStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
CommentRecognition209 - von ASTWriter GPPExplicitTemplateInstantitation(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
CommentRecognition210 - von ASTWriter LinkageSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition212 - von ASTWriter TemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition213 - von ASTWriter DeclarationWithTraillingDoubleComments(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
CommentRecognition214 - von ASTWriter NamesapceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.208 sec
CommentRecognition215 - von ASTWriter NamesapceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
CommentRecognition216 - von ASTWriter NamesapceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition1 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition2 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
ImplementationFileCommentRecognition3 - von CERP(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
CommentRecognitionAtTheBeginningBeforePreprocessorStatement 1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.188 sec
CommentRecognitionAtTheBeginningBeforePreprocessorStatement 2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognitionAtTheBeginningBeforePreprocessorStatement 3(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
CommentRecognitionAtTheBeginningBeforePreprocessorStatement 4(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
CommentRecognition Bug 233438(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
CommentRecognition Bug 234786(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
CommentRecognition preprocessor directives comment recognition(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
CommentRecognition comment in empty compound statement width include guard(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
Comment Handling Test - Rewrite with otherTu node(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.CommentHandlingWithRewriteTest)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
testCommentOnDifferentNodes(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.NodeCommentMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNoComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.NodeCommentMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOneComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.NodeCommentMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTwoComment(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.comenthandler.NodeCommentMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testException(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.396 sec
testAddDeclarationBugTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.263 sec
testParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.236 sec
testPointerToParamter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.246 sec
testPointerToPointerParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testArrayModifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.244 sec
testParameterToList(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.243 sec
testSelfInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.244 sec
testNestedElseifStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testMultilineWhitespaceHandling(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.251 sec
testAppendNull(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.248 sec
testExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testArraySizeExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
testCtorChainInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.AppendTests)  Time elapsed: 0.255 sec
testException(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.275 sec
testInsertStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testArrayModifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testInsertMultipleStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
testExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testArraySizeExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.241 sec
testFirstParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.244 sec
testPointerParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.248 sec
testCtorChainInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.InsertBeforeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.258 sec
testException(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.26 sec
testSingleParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.24 sec
testNewInitializerExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.24 sec
testPointerInParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.246 sec
testArrayModifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.236 sec
testMiddleParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.246 sec
testExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.243 sec
testArraySizeExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.249 sec
testFirstParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.264 sec
testLastParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.256 sec
testCtorChainInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.RemoveTests)  Time elapsed: 0.249 sec
testExceptionTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.319 sec
testNestedReplacementInIfStatementWithMacroAsFirstPartOfCondition_474020(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.256 sec
testReplaceForLoopBody(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.263 sec
testNestedReplacementInIfStatementWithMacroInCondition_474020(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testSameName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.255 sec
testStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.303 sec
testMove(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.274 sec
testName(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.252 sec
testNewInitializerExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
testNestedReplacementInIfStatementWithMacroInSibling_474020(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
testReplaceReplacedNode(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.266 sec
testReplaceFunctionDeclaratorWithVirtualSpecifier_Bug518628(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.267 sec
testNestedReplacementInIfStatementWithMacroAsInnerPartOfCondition_474020(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
testPointerInParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.255 sec
testWhitespaceHandling(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.273 sec
testArrayModifier(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.272 sec
testNestedReplacementInIfStatementWithMacroAsLastPartOfCondition_474020(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.284 sec
testInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.263 sec
testIdentical(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.284 sec
testNestedReplace(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.257 sec
testExpressionTest(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
testArraySizeExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.257 sec
testMoveRename(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.274 sec
testReplaceInsertStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.268 sec
testCtorChainInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.rewrite.changegenerator.ReplaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.255 sec
testExceptions(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CdtVariableResolverTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOtherBasic(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CdtVariableResolverTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testResolveToString(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CdtVariableResolverTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAsList(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CdtVariableResolverTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSetMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.StorableCdtVariablesTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testArgumentsToArrayNL(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testArgumentsToArraySimple(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArraySpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayEmptySpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayEmptyString(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArraySimpleWin(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArraySimpleUniversal(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayJumbledString(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayJumbledString2(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayDoubleQuotes2(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayWindowsEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayWindowsFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayNull(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayTabs(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testArgumentsToArrayWindowsQuotes(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArraySpaces2(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayWindowsSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayDoubleQuotes(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayJumbledSQ(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayEmpty(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayQuot1(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayQuot2(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayQuote(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayOnlySpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArraySingleQuotes(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayEmpty3(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayQuotSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testArgumentsToArrayEmptyString2(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.CommandLineUtilTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHashSetBasic(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.WeakHashSetTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testHashSetSyncronization(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.WeakHashSetTest)  Time elapsed: 0.326 sec
testCornerCases(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.FindProgramLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFind(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.FindProgramLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWindows(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.FindProgramLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAppendinRSEURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAppendToWindowsURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceInWindowsURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceURIWithAuthority2(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGetMappedPath(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGetLinkedURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGetPathFromURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceURIWithAuthority(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceInRSEURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceInUNIXURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceInMadeUpURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testReplaceWithWindowsPathNoLeadingSlash(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAppendToUNIXURI(org.eclipse.cdt.core.internal.efsextension.tests.EFSExtensionTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMakeInt(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.ByteUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMakeLong(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.ByteUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMakeShort(org.eclipse.cdt.utils.ByteUtilsTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testToPath[0: /foo/bar](org.eclipse.cdt.utils.UNCPathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testToPath[1: file:/foo/bar](org.eclipse.cdt.utils.UNCPathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testToPath[2: http://example.com/foo/bar](org.eclipse.cdt.utils.UNCPathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testToPath[3: ssh://user:password@example.com:8080/foo/bar](org.eclipse.cdt.utils.UNCPathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testToPath[4: remotetools://My%20Connection/foo/bar](org.eclipse.cdt.utils.UNCPathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFreeBlockLinking(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testShortStringComparison(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 1.598 sec
testStringsInBTree(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testBlockSizeAndFirstBlock(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBug192437(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testSimpleAllocationLifecycle(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testLongStringComparison(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DatabaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testSeq(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DBPropertiesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testBasic(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DBPropertiesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNulls(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DBPropertiesTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLong(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DBPropertiesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
test192165(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.13 sec
testProjectPDOMPropertiesOnExport(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.121 sec
test191679(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testInterruptingAcquireReadLock(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testPDOMProperties(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testProjectPDOMProperties(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testInterruptingAcquireWriteLock(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMCPPBugsTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testVariables(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testFields(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testClasses_160913(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testAnonymousNamespace_460646(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testLocationConverter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMLocationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testExternalReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMNameTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testVersionMismatchOfExternalPDOM_178998(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testCommonSDK(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
testLifeCycle(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMProviderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.EnumerationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.EnumerationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testClassScope_bug185408(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testAbsenceOfDefaultConstructorWhenExplicitNonDefaultPresentA(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testAbsenceOfDefaultConstructorWhenExplicitNonDefaultPresentB(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
test1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
test147903(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testFriend(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testNested(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testFinalClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.TypesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.TypesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
test145351(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.TypesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testIncludeName(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.IncludesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testIncludedBy(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.IncludesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.IncludesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testReferencesToNamespacedBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinSingleTUTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testReferencesToGlobalBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinSingleTUTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testDistinctBindingsPresent(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinSingleTUTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testOverloadedInCommonHeader_NamespaceScope_Collides_With_Filescope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinCommonHeaderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testOverloadedInCommonHeader_ClassScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinCommonHeaderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testOverloadedInCommonHeader_FileScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinCommonHeaderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testOverloadedInCommonHeader_NamespaceScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.OverloadsWithinCommonHeaderTests)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testEquivalentRecordInsert_Bug402177(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.BTreeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBySortedSetMirrorLite(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.BTreeTests)  Time elapsed: 2.021 sec
testInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.BTreeTests)  Time elapsed: 1.192 sec
testInterface(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMStringSetTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testReplaceTags(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMTagIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testMultipleTaggers(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMTagIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSimple(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.PDOMTagIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFilesOnReindex(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.FilesOnReindexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider_BadCmdLine1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider_BadCmdLine2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider_BadCmdLine3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testBrokenExportProjectProvider1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBrokenExportProjectProvider2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider_SysIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.458 sec
testGenerateOnCyclicIncludes1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.42 sec
testGenerateOnCyclicIncludes2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.416 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.456 sec
testExternalExportProjectProvider_CLinkage(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testSimpleExportProjectProvider1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testSimpleExportProjectProvider2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.GeneratePDOMApplicationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testCharField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testInheritedFieldDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testPublicField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testFloatField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testFieldReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testInheritedFieldDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testDefaultPrivateField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testInheritedFieldReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testProtectedField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testStaticField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testMutableField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testIntField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testFieldDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testFieldDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testDoubleField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testPrivateField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFieldTests)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testInlineCPPFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
testCharFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testForwardDeclarationType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.572 sec
testFunctionReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testDoubleFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testStorageClassSpecParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testVoidFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testForwardDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testPointerToFunctionType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testVarArgsCPPFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testStaticCPPFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testFunctionType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testExternCPPFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testFloatFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testIntFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testFunctionDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testFunctionDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testNoReturnCPPFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testCPPAutoVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testCPPStaticVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testCPPRegisterVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testCPPExternVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testDefinition2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testSimpleAliasDefinitionValueTemplateArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testSimpleDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testPDOMAliasDeclarationNestingLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testSimpleAliasDefinitionDefaultTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testPDOMNestedAliasDeclarationNestingLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testSimpleAliasReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testSimpleAliasDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testSimpleAliasTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testFunctionPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testExplicitInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPClassTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testSimpleInstantiation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CPPFunctionTemplateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testStaticMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testVirtualMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testVirtualMethodDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testPrivateMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testPureVirtualMethodType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testMethodParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testVirtualMethodType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testOverrideFinalVirtualMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testVolatileMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testOverriddenMethodReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testNotConstVolatileMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testVarArgsMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testConstVolatileMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testOverriddenMethodDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testDefaultPrivateMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testVirtualMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testImplicitCtorExceptionSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testNoExceptionSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testPureVirtualMethodDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testInheritedMethodDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testPureVirtualMethodDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testVirtualMethodDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testOverrideVirtualMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testImplicitDtorExceptionSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testDestructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testEmptyExceptionSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testInheritedMethodReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testConstMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testPureVirtualMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testVirtualMethodReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testInlineMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testPublicMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testProtectedMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testNotVolatileMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testOverriddenMethodDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testOverriddenMethodType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testNonEmptyExceptionSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testInheritedMethodType(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testImplicitCopyCtorExceptionSpec(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testNotConstMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testPureVirtualMethodReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testInheritedMethodDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.MethodTests)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testFriend_162011(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.1 sec
testAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testUsingDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testUnnamed_162226(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testOverload(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testMemberDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testExtend(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testNested(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.NamespaceTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testVisibilityDefaultMemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testVisibilityDefaultNestedClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testVisibilityDefaultMemberVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testVisibilitySpecializedDefaultVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testVisibilityImplicitTemplateMembers(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testVisibilitySpecializedPublicVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testVisibilitySpecializedProtectedVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testVisibilityImplicitClassMembers(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testVisibilitySpecializedPrivateVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ClassMemberVisibilityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testExternCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testNoReturnCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testVarArgsCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testInlineCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testFunctionWithRegisterParam(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testStaticCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testKnRStyleFunctionWithProblemParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testCStaticVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testCExternVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testCRegisterVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testCAutoVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testDeepCStructureDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testCUnionDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testCMixedMemberDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testDeepCStructure(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testDeepCStructureMemberReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testDeepCStructureReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testDeepCStructureMemberDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testCUnionReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testCUnionMemberReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testCUnionMemberDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testCUnionMemberDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testCUnionDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testSimpleCStructureDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testSimpleCStructureDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testCMixedMemberReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testCMixedDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testDeepCStructureMemberDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testCMixedMemberDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testCMixedDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testCMixedReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testDeepCStructureDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testSimpleCStructureReferences(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.CCompositeTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.082 sec
testStaticBindings_f08(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testKRDeclUsage_f02(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testDefDeclUse_v14(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testStructAndTypedef_t04(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.229 sec
testStructPreDefintion_t02(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.098 sec
testInit(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testTypedefAndAnonymousStruct_t05(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testImplicitDeclPostDef_f04(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testDeclDefUse_v13(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testWrongMatchedStaticDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testStructRecursive_t03(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testImplicitDeclPostDecl_f03(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testGlobalInitRead2_v11(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testDeclUseDef_v12(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testNonLocalDefintion_f06(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testSimpleDeclUsage_f01(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testImplicitDeclNone_f05(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testNamedStruct_t01(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testSimpleGlobalWrite_v09(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testGlobalInitRead_v10(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.DefDeclTests)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testRepeatedly(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.RaceCondition157992Test)  Time elapsed: 4.528 sec
testRepeatedlyChangeConfig_bug375226(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.pdom.tests.ChangeConfigurationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.407 sec
testPairDisjointContent(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCompositeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.182 sec
testTripleUpwardV(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCompositeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.349 sec
testTripleLinear(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCompositeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.292 sec
testTripleDownwardV(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCompositeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.251 sec
testChangeListener(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexListenerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.121 sec
testIdleListener(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexListenerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testURLC_RCRLC_Interaction1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testURLC_RCRLC_Interaction2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testURLC_RCRLC_Interaction3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testBasicLocations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec
testSameFileLinkedToOnceInTwoProjects_186214(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testLinkedFilesIndexedAsWithinProject(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec
testResourceContainerRelativeLocationConverter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexLocationTest)  Time elapsed: 0.215 sec
testClassInUnnamedNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testFindClassInNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testFindStatic_161216(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testSanityOfMayHaveChildren(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testFindNamespaceInNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testFindEnumerator(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testCaseInsensitivePatternSearch_239669(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
deleteProject(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testIncludeProperties(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testFixedContext(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testUpdateIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testIncludeProperties_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testInactiveInclude(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testUnresolvedInclude(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testFastIndexer(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testPragmaOnceChange(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testMultiVariantHeaderUpdate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
testParsingInContext_bug220358(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testUpdateOfIncluded(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 2.092 sec
deleteProject(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testCppFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testCTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testEnumCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testFileLocalBinding(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testBaseClass_Bug391284(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testGlobalCppVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testExternC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testImplicitMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testCppMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testGlobalCVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testCppConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testAnonymousEnum_Bug356057c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testCppTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testChangingSourceBeforeHeader_Bug171834(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testChangingTypeCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testValuesC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testValuesCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testDefaultParam_Bug297438(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testFriendFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testTypedeletion_Bug294306(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testAnonymousEnum_Bug356057cpp(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testFriendMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testClassTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testFriendClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testFixedCppMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testCppField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testNamespaceAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testExceptionSpecification(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testCField(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testDependentProjectGetsUpdated_Bug310837(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testImplicitDefaultCtor_Bug359376(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testInlineNamespaces_305980(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testChangingTypePlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
deleteProject(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testMacroRemoval_450888(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexUpdateMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testStaticVariableInHeaderC_Bug180305(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
test160281_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
test160281_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testCommonHeader_Bug228012(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
test164360_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
test164360_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testDeclarationForBinding_Bug254844(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testAddingMemberBeforeContainer_Bug203170(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testReferencesInDesignators_Bug253690(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testInclusionOfFolders_Bug243682(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testUndefInHeader_Bug227088(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testVariadicMacros_Bug200239_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
testVariadicMacros_Bug200239_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testIncludeSource_Bug199412(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
testDisambiguationByReachability_268704_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testDisambiguationByReachability_268704_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testDisambiguationByReachability_268704_3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
test172454_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
test172454_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testUpdateUnresolvedIncludes_378317(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testIndexContentOverProjectMove(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.184 sec
test173997_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testStaticFunctionsInHeaderC_Bug180305(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
test257818_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.474 sec
test257818_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testTypedefRecursionC_Bug200553(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testNonStandardSuffix_Bug205778(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testUpdatingHeaderInContext_367315(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testUpdateNonSrcFolderHeader_283080(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testFilterFindBindingsFQCharArray(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testDisambiguateClassVsNamespace_297686(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithThrowsException_293021(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testGPPTypes_Bug209049(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testIndexContentOverProjectDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.286 sec
testNamespaceReachability_319632(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.13 sec
testStaticVariableInHeader_Bug180305(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testUpdateForContentTypeChange_283080(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testStrangeIncludeStrategy_Bug249884(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
test429196StackOverflow(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testIndirectContext_Bug267907(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testUnrelatedTypedef_Bug214146(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testStaticFunctionsInHeader_Bug180305(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testTypedefRecursionCpp_Bug200553(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testFileInMultipleFragments_bug192352(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
test150906(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.403 sec
test154563(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.125 sec
test156671(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
test162011(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.154 sec
test164500(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
test171834(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.267 sec
test173997(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
test253080(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
testUpdateOnFolderRemove_343538(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.228 sec
testIncludeGuardsOutsideOfHeader_Bug167100(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.126 sec
testDisambiguateObjectVsType_304479(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testStaticVarInSourceIncluded_Bug265821(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testPreprocessingStatementOrder_270806_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testPreprocessingStatementOrder_270806_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testPreprocessingStatementOrder_270806_3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testIncludeHeuristics_Bug213562(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testInstanceInheritance_258745(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testDisambiguationByReachability_281782(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testIncludeHeuristicsFlag_Bug213562(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testFindBindingsWithPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexBugsTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testAst(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.Bug246129)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
testIndex(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.Bug246129)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testRWInConstructorCall_328528(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testNestingWithFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
testReadWriteFlagsCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testNestingWithMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testRWInSecondArg(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testAddressOfPolymorphicMethod_Bug363731(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.134 sec
testReadWriteFlagsC(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testRWInArrayInitializer_328528(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testCouldBePolymorphicMethodCall_Bug156691(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexNamesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testDefaultExport(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.564 sec
testExportWithRemovalFake(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.507 sec
testExportWithAddition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.235 sec
testExportWithRemoval(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testExportWithFileChange(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
testExportWithFileChangeFake(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testExportWithAdditionFake(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.TeamSharedIndexTest)  Time elapsed: 0.422 sec
testProvider_OverMove(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testVersioning_IncompatibleIgnored(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testVersioning_NoCompatibleVersionsFound(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testProviderUsageFilter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testIndexFactoryConfigurationUsage(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
testProvider_SimpleLifeCycle_200958(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.166 sec
testGetProvidedFragments(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testProvider_OverDeleteAndAdd(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexProviderManagerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testSignificantMacroDetection(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiVariantHeaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.128 sec
testSignificantMacroDetection_367753a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiVariantHeaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testSignificantMacroDetection_367753b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiVariantHeaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testExampleFromBug197989_Comment73(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiVariantHeaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testExampleFromBug197989_Comment0(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiVariantHeaderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testProblemBindingInMemInitList_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testNamespaceAlias_442117(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testFriendFunctionDeclarationInNamespace_513681(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testAliasTemplateReferencingSameName_518937(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testFriendFunctionInHeaderIncludedAtClassScope_509662(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testClassTemplatePartialSpecialization_470726(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testStackOverflow_514459(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testExplicitSpecialization_494359(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.13 sec
testFriendClassDeclaration_508338(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testNamespace_481161(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testAnonymousNamespace_416278(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexMultiFileTest)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testOutOfLineMethod1(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.ReturnTypeDeductionIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testBasicCall(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.121 sec
testConversionToFunctionPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testVariadicAutoParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testNestedGenericLambdas(org.eclipse.cdt.core.parser.tests.ast2.cxx14.GenericLambdaIndexTests)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
test_176708_CCE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testIsSameNestedAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testIsSameAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testTemplateArgumentResolution_450888(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
test_208558(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.089 sec
test_326778(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
test_356982(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testUsingDirective_216527(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
test_457503(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.094 sec
testNamespaceComposition_200673(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.098 sec
testLateDefinitionOfInheritance_292749(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testEndlessLoopWithUsingDeclaration_209813(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testClassTypes_98171(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testNestedClasses_259683(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
testMemberFunctionDisambiguationByCVness_238409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.132 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifier_303739(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testLookupScopeForConversionNames_267221(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testAnonymousStruct_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
test_176708_NPE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
testInvalidOwner_412766(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testProblemInIndexBinding_317146(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testAnonymousUnion_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testAdjustmentOfParameterTypes_239975(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
testUsingDeclaration_300019(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testChar16_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.087 sec
testAdvanceUsingDeclaration_217102(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.082 sec
testFunctionsWithManyParameters_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testOverloadedFunctionFromIndex_256240(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testClassRedeclarationAfterReference_229571(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
test_166954(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
test_168020(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
test_168054(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
test_180784(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
test_180948(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
test_181735(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
test_183843(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
test_184216(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
test_185828(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
test_188274(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
test_188324(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
test_206187(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
test_207320(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugsSingleProjectFirstAST)  Time elapsed: 0.095 sec
test_326778(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
test_356982(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testUsingDirective_216527(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
test_457503(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.089 sec
testNamespaceComposition_200673(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testLateDefinitionOfInheritance_292749(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testEndlessLoopWithUsingDeclaration_209813(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testClassTypes_98171(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testNestedClasses_259683(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.082 sec
testMemberFunctionDisambiguationByCVness_238409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifier_303739(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testLookupScopeForConversionNames_267221(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testAnonymousStruct_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
test_176708_CCE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.125 sec
test_176708_NPE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testIsSameNestedAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testInvalidOwner_412766(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testProblemInIndexBinding_317146(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testAnonymousUnion_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.1 sec
testAdjustmentOfParameterTypes_239975(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testIsSameAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testUsingDeclaration_300019(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.082 sec
testChar16_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testAdvanceUsingDeclaration_217102(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testFunctionsWithManyParameters_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testTemplateArgumentResolution_450888(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testOverloadedFunctionFromIndex_256240(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testClassRedeclarationAfterReference_229571(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
test_166954(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
test_168020(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
test_168054(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
test_180784(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
test_180948(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
test_181735(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
test_183843(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
test_184216(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
test_185828(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
test_188274(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
test_188324(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
test_206187(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
test_207320(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
test_208558(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
test_326778(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.296 sec
test_356982(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testUsingDirective_216527(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.213 sec
test_457503(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.226 sec
testNamespaceComposition_200673(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.29 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.228 sec
testLateDefinitionOfInheritance_292749(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testEndlessLoopWithUsingDeclaration_209813(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testClassTypes_98171(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.229 sec
testNestedClasses_259683(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.2 sec
testMemberFunctionDisambiguationByCVness_238409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.27 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifier_303739(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testLookupScopeForConversionNames_267221(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.138 sec
testAnonymousStruct_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
test_176708_CCE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
test_176708_NPE(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testIsSameNestedAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testInvalidOwner_412766(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testProblemInIndexBinding_317146(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testAnonymousUnion_216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testAdjustmentOfParameterTypes_239975(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testIsSameAnonymousType_193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
testUsingDeclaration_300019(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.139 sec
testChar16_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.219 sec
testAdvanceUsingDeclaration_217102(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
testFunctionsWithManyParameters_319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.28 sec
testTemplateArgumentResolution_450888(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.266 sec
testOverloadedFunctionFromIndex_256240(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testClassRedeclarationAfterReference_229571(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
test_166954(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
test_168020(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
test_168054(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.19 sec
test_180784(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.267 sec
test_180948(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
test_181735(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.191 sec
test_183843(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.228 sec
test_184216(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.26 sec
test_185828(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.432 sec
test_188274(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 1.169 sec
test_188324(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
test_206187(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
test_207320(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
test_208558(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testOverridden_248846(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testNestedClassDefinedOutOfLine_502999(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testNameLookupInDefaultArgument_432701(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testUsingNamingDirective_177917_1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testUsingNamingDirective_177917_1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testSimpleGlobalBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testAddressOfOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_177917_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_177917_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testConstIntPtrParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinitionAST2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_201177(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testNameLookupFromArrayModifier_435075(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testArrayWithOneElement_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testAnonymousStructInAnonymousNamespace_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testQualifiedNamesForClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testQualifiedNamesForUnion(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testAddressOfConstMethod_233889(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testInlineFriendFunction_284690(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testPointerToMemberFields(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testArrayTypeWithSize_269926(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testAnonymousNamespaces_392577(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testAnonymousNamespaces_418130(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.083 sec
testNestedClass_284665(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testTypeQualifier(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testNamespaceAliasAsQualifier_356493a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.184 sec
testNamespaceAliasAsQualifier_356493b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.082 sec
testEnumeratorInNamespaceScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testQualifiedNamesForTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testFinalOverriderAnalysis_489477(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.48 sec
testSingletonQualifiedName(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testFunctionDefaultArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testUsingOverloadedFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testInheritedTemplateConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testMethodHidingInInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testSelfReferencingVariable_510484(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation6(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.087 sec
testExpressionKindForFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testLegalConflictWithUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testEnumeratorInUnionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.095 sec
testLambdaOwnedByClass_409882(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testLambdaOwnedByClass_449099(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromUnknownClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testGQualifiedReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinitionAST(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testDelegatingConstructorCallInConstexprConstructor_509871(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testDelegatingConstructorCallInConstexprConstructor_514595(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testAnonymousUnion_377409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testUsingDirectiveWithQualifiedName_269727(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testConstIntRefParameterInDefinitionAST(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromTemplateInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.132 sec
testTypeDefinitionWithFwdDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testQualifiedNamesForStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.128 sec
testStructClassMismatch_358282(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.095 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testEnumeratorInClassScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.132 sec
testUserDefinedConversionOperator_224364(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralBadConcat1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testStaticFieldOfEnclosingType_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testFriendClassDeclaration_508338(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.098 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.089 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.087 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testAnonymousNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testConstIntParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testValues(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.105 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.087 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.093 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.095 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.121 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testDecltype_434150(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980am(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980bm(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980cm(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testInlineNamespaceReopenedWithoutInlineKeyword_483824(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testVariableInitializerThatReferencesVariable_508254a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testVariableInitializerThatReferencesVariable_508254b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.123 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testRankingOfReferenceBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testInheritedConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testEnumeratorInStructScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.089 sec
testOverridden_248846(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.191 sec
testNestedClassDefinedOutOfLine_502999(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
testNameLookupInDefaultArgument_432701(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testUsingNamingDirective_177917_1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testUsingNamingDirective_177917_1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testSimpleGlobalBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.213 sec
testAddressOfOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.219 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_177917_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.176 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_177917_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testConstIntPtrParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.233 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinitionAST2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.244 sec
testUsingTypeDeclaration_201177(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.238 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.117 sec
testNameLookupFromArrayModifier_435075(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.211 sec
testArrayWithOneElement_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testAnonymousStructInAnonymousNamespace_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testQualifiedNamesForClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.214 sec
testQualifiedNamesForUnion(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.224 sec
testAddressOfConstMethod_233889(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.261 sec
testInlineFriendFunction_284690(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.251 sec
testPointerToMemberFields(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.262 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.203 sec
testArrayTypeWithSize_269926(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testAnonymousNamespaces_392577(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.185 sec
testAnonymousNamespaces_418130(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.171 sec
testNestedClass_284665(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testTypeQualifier(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testNamespaceAliasAsQualifier_356493a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testNamespaceAliasAsQualifier_356493b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.192 sec
testEnumeratorInNamespaceScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testQualifiedNamesForTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testFinalOverriderAnalysis_489477(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.229 sec
testSingletonQualifiedName(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.393 sec
testFunctionDefaultArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.232 sec
testUsingOverloadedFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testInheritedTemplateConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.197 sec
testMethodHidingInInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.21 sec
testSelfReferencingVariable_510484(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation6(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testExpressionKindForFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.19 sec
testLegalConflictWithUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testEnumeratorInUnionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
testLambdaOwnedByClass_409882(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testLambdaOwnedByClass_449099(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromUnknownClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testGQualifiedReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinitionAST(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.243 sec
testDelegatingConstructorCallInConstexprConstructor_509871(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.205 sec
testDelegatingConstructorCallInConstexprConstructor_514595(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.267 sec
testAnonymousUnion_377409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.211 sec
testUsingDirectiveWithQualifiedName_269727(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.213 sec
testConstIntRefParameterInDefinitionAST(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.196 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.22 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.232 sec
testInheritedConstructorFromTemplateInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testTypeDefinitionWithFwdDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
testQualifiedNamesForStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.889 sec
testStructClassMismatch_358282(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.214 sec
testConstIntPtrParameterInDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
testEnumeratorInClassScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.185 sec
testUserDefinedConversionOperator_224364(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.197 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralBadConcat1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.229 sec
testStaticFieldOfEnclosingType_508254(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testFriendClassDeclaration_508338(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.16 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.183 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralResolution3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.188 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes2b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.184 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes3c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.125 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralOperatorTypes4b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testAnonymousNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
testConstIntParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.24 sec
testValues(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.172 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.23 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation1b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.279 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation2d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.226 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation3d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.193 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.198 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation4d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.193 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.23 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralConcatenation5d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.163 sec
testDecltype_434150(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.193 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980am(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980bm(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.198 sec
testInlineNamespace_305980cm(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.175 sec
testInlineNamespaceReopenedWithoutInlineKeyword_483824(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.217 sec
testVariableInitializerThatReferencesVariable_508254a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
testVariableInitializerThatReferencesVariable_508254b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec  <<< FAILURE!
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError: Expected number (0) of Non-OK status objects in log differs from actual (2).
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	Error: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V

	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.runBare(BaseTestCase.java:242)
	at junit.framework.TestResult$1.protect(TestResult.java:122)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.runProtected(TestResult.java:142)
	at junit.framework.TestResult.run(TestResult.java:125)
	at junit.framework.TestCase.run(TestCase.java:129)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.core.testplugin.util.BaseTestCase.run(BaseTestCase.java:259)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.runTest(TestSuite.java:252)
	at junit.framework.TestSuite.run(TestSuite.java:247)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner.run(JUnit38ClassRunner.java:86)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:264)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:153)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:124)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray2(ReflectionUtils.java:208)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:82)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.OsgiSurefireBooter.run(OsgiSurefireBooter.java:95)
	at org.eclipse.tycho.surefire.osgibooter.HeadlessTestApplication.run(HeadlessTestApplication.java:21)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.callMethodWithException(EclipseAppContainer.java:587)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.run(EclipseAppHandle.java:198)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplication(EclipseAppLauncher.java:134)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.start(EclipseAppLauncher.java:104)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:388)
	at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.run(EclipseStarter.java:243)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:497)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFramework(Main.java:653)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRun(Main.java:590)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.run(Main.java:1499)
	at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.main(Main.java:1472)
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.ITypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(Lorg/eclipse/cdt/internal/core/dom/parser/ISerializableEvaluation;Z)V
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.InitializerListType.marshal(InitializerListType.java:55)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalType(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.cpp.semantics.EvalFixed.marshal(EvalFixed.java:147)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalEvaluation(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:166)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.dom.parser.CompositeValue.marshal(CompositeValue.java:289)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.TypeMarshalBuffer.marshalValue(TypeMarshalBuffer.java:192)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:656)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMLinkage.storeValue(PDOMLinkage.java:650)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.setValue(PDOMCPPVariable.java:64)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPVariable.initData(PDOMCPPVariable.java:57)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage$ConfigureVariable.run(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:239)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.handlePostProcesses(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:1281)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.cpp.PDOMCPPLinkage.addBinding(PDOMCPPLinkage.java:631)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.createPDOMName(PDOMFile.java:515)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.dom.PDOMFile.addNames(PDOMFile.java:482)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.WritablePDOM.addFileContent(WritablePDOM.java:154)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.index.WritableCIndex.setFileContent(WritableCIndex.java:86)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeFileInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:668)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.storeSymbolsInIndex(PDOMWriter.java:325)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMWriter.addSymbols(PDOMWriter.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.writeToIndex(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1284)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseFile(AbstractIndexerTask.java:1096)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.parseLinkage(AbstractIndexerTask.java:930)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.AbstractIndexerTask.runTask(AbstractIndexerTask.java:557)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMIndexerTask.run(PDOMIndexerTask.java:161)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.indexer.PDOMRebuildTask.run(PDOMRebuildTask.java:90)
	at org.eclipse.cdt.internal.core.pdom.PDOMIndexerJob.run(PDOMIndexerJob.java:155)
	at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:56)

testRankingOfReferenceBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.255 sec
testInheritedConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testEnumeratorInStructScope(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.208 sec
testDesignatedInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexGPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.222 sec
testUnderlyingTypeBuiltin_bug411196(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexGPPBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testDesignatedInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexGPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.17 sec
testUnderlyingTypeBuiltin_bug411196(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexGPPBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testSpecializationOfAnonymousClass_528456(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.1 sec
testSpecializationRedefinition_409444(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testInstantiationOfReturnExpression_484959(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testMemberTemplateClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testVectorIterator(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.171 sec
testSfinae_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testSfinae_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testInstantiationOfEndl_297457(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.105 sec
testInstantiationOfFunctionInstance_437675(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testRegression_402498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testRegression_408314(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
testNonTypeTemplateParameter_207840(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testClassPartialSpecializations_199572(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testPartialSpecializationsOfClassTemplateSpecializations_332884(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testRegression_516338(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
testIntNullPointerConstant_407808(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_367563a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_367563b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testFunctionInstanceParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
testRedeclarationWithUnnamedTemplateParameter_472199(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testUsageOfClassTemplateOutsideOfClassBody_357320(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testClassSpecializationMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testSpecializationOfUsingDeclaration_357293(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testEnclosingScopes_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testEnclosingScopes_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testEnclosingScopes_c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testEnclosingScopes_d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testRecursiveInheritance_466362(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testOOM_497875(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.138 sec
testNonTypeCharArgumentDisambiguation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testInstantiationOfValue_284683(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testFunctionTemplate_245030(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
testMemberOfTemplateTemplateParameter_381824(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testFunctionTemplate_319498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testFunctionTemplateSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithTypedef_431945(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_399454(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.171 sec
testCurrentInstanceOfClassTemplatePartialSpec_368404(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.213 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_407497(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.126 sec
testSpecializationOfConstexprFunction_420995(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testMethodOveriddenFromTemplateInstanceBase_480892(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.204 sec
testAssignmentToMemberArrayElement_514363(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.456 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testSimpleFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.158 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.125 sec
testClassSpecializations_180738(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testClassImplicitInstantiations_188274(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testTemplateTypedef_214447(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.122 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.105 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_491636(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testBracedInitList_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testDefaultTemplateArgInHeader_264988(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testTemplateMetaprogramming_284686(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testTypedefSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testParentScopeOfSpecialization_267013(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testSfinaeInNewExpression_430230(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReferenceToDeferred(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testAliasTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.466 sec
testBug177418(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testClassPartialSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testExplicitSpecializations_296427(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
testLambdaExpression_395884(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
testTypeOfUnknownMember_447728(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.092 sec
testFriendClassSpecialization_466362(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testInfiniteRecursionMarshallingTemplateDefinition_439923(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
testDependentEnumerator_482421a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testDependentEnumerator_482421b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
testClassSpecialization_354086(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testUnindexedMethodInstance2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
testEnumerationWithMultipleEnumerators_434467(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.107 sec
testNPE_407497(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testClassInstanceWithNonTypeArgument_207871(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testStackOverflow_462764(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testInstanceInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testTemplateParameterWithoutName_300978(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testTemplateArgumentDeduction_507511(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testTypedefSpecialization_213861(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testUnindexedMethodInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testCPPConstructorTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testMethodSpecialization_248927(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testUniqueSpecializations_241641(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testRebindPattern_276610(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate_407579(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate_429624(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testInfiniteRecursion_516648(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testNonTypeBooleanArgumentDisambiguation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testADLForQualifiedName_408296(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.105 sec
testUniqueInstance_241641(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.144 sec
testUserDefinedConversionOperator_224364(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testAmbiguousBaseClassLookup_413406(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.134 sec
testFunctionInstanceSpecializationsParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.086 sec
testNestedClassTypeSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.108 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testUnknownBindings_264988(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.106 sec
testFriendFunctionOfClassSpecialization_419301a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
testFriendFunctionOfClassSpecialization_419301b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.2 sec
testConstantPropagationFromHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testInstanceInheritance_258745(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testDependentExpression_395875(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReference3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testExplicitSpecializationOfTemplateDeclaredInHeader_401820(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testDependentEnumValue_389009(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.148 sec
testTrailingReturnType_460183(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.077 sec
testSerializationOfUnknownConstructor_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testDefaultTemplateArgInHeader_264988(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.317 sec
testSpecializationOfAnonymousClass_528456(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.172 sec
testSpecializationRedefinition_409444(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.209 sec
testInstantiationOfReturnExpression_484959(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.182 sec
testMemberTemplateClass(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.218 sec
testVectorIterator(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
testSfinae_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.283 sec
testSfinae_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
testInstantiationOfEndl_297457(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testInstantiationOfFunctionInstance_437675(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.195 sec
testRegression_402498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testRegression_408314(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.215 sec
testNonTypeTemplateParameter_207840(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.226 sec
testClassPartialSpecializations_199572(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testPartialSpecializationsOfClassTemplateSpecializations_332884(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testRegression_516338(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.249 sec
testIntNullPointerConstant_407808(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.238 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_367563a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_367563b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testFunctionInstanceParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.225 sec
testRedeclarationWithUnnamedTemplateParameter_472199(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testUsageOfClassTemplateOutsideOfClassBody_357320(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.216 sec
testClassSpecializationMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.222 sec
testSpecializationOfUsingDeclaration_357293(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.49 sec
testEnclosingScopes_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.257 sec
testEnclosingScopes_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.192 sec
testEnclosingScopes_c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.178 sec
testEnclosingScopes_d(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.18 sec
testUnqualifiedFunctionCallInTemplate_402498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.211 sec
testRecursiveInheritance_466362(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.185 sec
testOOM_497875(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.179 sec
testNonTypeCharArgumentDisambiguation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.278 sec
testInstantiationOfValue_284683(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testFunctionTemplate_245030(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.153 sec
testMemberOfTemplateTemplateParameter_381824(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.216 sec
testFunctionTemplate_319498(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
testFunctionTemplateSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
testFunctionTemplateWithTypedef_431945(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.268 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_399454(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testCurrentInstanceOfClassTemplatePartialSpec_368404(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.272 sec
testDependentTemplateParameterInNestedTemplate_407497(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
testSpecializationOfConstexprFunction_420995(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.218 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 1.488 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.192 sec
testRecursiveTemplateInstantiation_479138c(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.237 sec
testMethodOveriddenFromTemplateInstanceBase_480892(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.172 sec
testAssignmentToMemberArrayElement_514363(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.18 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testParameterReferenceInChainInitializer_b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.179 sec
testSimpleFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.288 sec
testConstexprFunction_395238_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testClassSpecializations_180738(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.183 sec
testClassImplicitInstantiations_188274(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.232 sec
testTemplateTypedef_214447(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.221 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_1(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.262 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testRebindPattern_214017_3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.503 sec
testSpecializationInIndex_491636(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testBracedInitList_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.22 sec
testTemplateMetaprogramming_284686(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.216 sec
testTypedefSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.182 sec
testParentScopeOfSpecialization_267013(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.277 sec
testSfinaeInNewExpression_430230(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.264 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReferenceToDeferred(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.197 sec
testAliasTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.282 sec
testBug177418(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.145 sec
testClassPartialSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.256 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.234 sec
testExplicitSpecializations_296427(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testLambdaExpression_395884(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.219 sec
testTypeOfUnknownMember_447728(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.329 sec
testFriendClassSpecialization_466362(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.234 sec
testInfiniteRecursionMarshallingTemplateDefinition_439923(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.292 sec
testDependentEnumerator_482421a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
testDependentEnumerator_482421b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.336 sec
testClassSpecialization_354086(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.786 sec
testUnindexedMethodInstance2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.322 sec
testEnumerationWithMultipleEnumerators_434467(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.269 sec
testNPE_407497(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.193 sec
testClassInstanceWithNonTypeArgument_207871(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.304 sec
testStackOverflow_462764(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.186 sec
testInstanceInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.265 sec
testTemplateParameterWithoutName_300978(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.191 sec
testTemplateArgumentDeduction_507511(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.297 sec
testTypedefSpecialization_213861(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.244 sec
testUnindexedMethodInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
testCPPConstructorTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.247 sec
testMethodSpecialization_248927(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.258 sec
testUniqueSpecializations_241641(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.259 sec
testRebindPattern_276610(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.193 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate_407579(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.254 sec
testOverloadedFunctionTemplate_429624(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testTemplateTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.277 sec
testInfiniteRecursion_516648(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.209 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testNonTypeBooleanArgumentDisambiguation(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testADLForQualifiedName_408296(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.224 sec
testUniqueInstance_241641(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testUserDefinedConversionOperator_224364(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.28 sec
testAmbiguousBaseClassLookup_413406(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testFunctionInstanceSpecializationsParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.187 sec
testNestedClassTypeSpecializations(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.286 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testUnknownBindings_264988(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.19 sec
testFriendFunctionOfClassSpecialization_419301a(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.248 sec
testFriendFunctionOfClassSpecialization_419301b(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.262 sec
testConstantPropagationFromHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.268 sec
testInstanceInheritance_258745(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.196 sec
testDependentExpression_395875(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.203 sec
testUnindexedConstructorInstanceImplicitReference3(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.191 sec
testExplicitSpecializationOfTemplateDeclaredInHeader_401820(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.2 sec
testDependentEnumValue_389009(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testTrailingReturnType_460183(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.283 sec
testSerializationOfUnknownConstructor_490475(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testAstIndexStructFwdDecl_Bug195227(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.2 sec
testAnonymousUnion_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.155 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testDesignatedInitializer_Bug210019(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testAstIndexConflictFunction_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testAstIndexConflictVariable_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testAstIndexConflictStruct_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.114 sec
testFunctionsWithManyParameters_Bug319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.198 sec
testAnonymousStruct_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testOpaqueStruct_Bug262719(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testBug175267(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.113 sec
testBug181735(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testBug394151(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testAstIndexConflictTypedef_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.119 sec
testAstIndexConflictEnumerator_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testAstIndexFwdDecl_Bug195227(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.184 sec
testIsSameAnonymousType_Bug193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testKRStyleFunction_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
testAstIndexStructFwdDecl_Bug195227(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.169 sec
testAnonymousUnion_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.232 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.18 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testDesignatedInitializer_Bug210019(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.185 sec
testAstIndexConflictFunction_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.568 sec
testAstIndexConflictVariable_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
testAstIndexConflictStruct_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
testFunctionsWithManyParameters_Bug319186(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.304 sec
testAnonymousStruct_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testOpaqueStruct_Bug262719(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.194 sec
testBug175267(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.231 sec
testBug181735(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.236 sec
testBug394151(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.227 sec
testAstIndexConflictTypedef_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.28 sec
testAstIndexConflictEnumerator_Bug195127(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.198 sec
testAstIndexFwdDecl_Bug195227(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.215 sec
testIsSameAnonymousType_Bug193962(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.231 sec
testKRStyleFunction_Bug216791(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionBugs$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testSimpleGlobalBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testNameLookupFromArrayModifier_435075(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testExpressionKindForFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
testTypedefA(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 1.442 sec
testTypedefB(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
testAnonymousUnion_377409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testTypeDefinitionWithFwdDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testValues(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.128 sec
testSimpleGlobalBindings(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.339 sec
testPointerToFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
testNameLookupFromArrayModifier_435075(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.24 sec
testExpressionKindForFunctionCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.284 sec
testTypedefA(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.295 sec
testTypedefB(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.229 sec
testAnonymousUnion_377409(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.241 sec
testTypeDefinitionWithFwdDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testValues(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCBindingResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.307 sec
testFieldSpecializationInRef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.173 sec
testStorageOfUninstantiatedValue_bug486671(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testVariableTemplatePartialSpecialization2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.168 sec
testFieldTemplateReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.231 sec
testExplicitVariableInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testVariableSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.181 sec
testFieldSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testExplicitFieldInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 3.503 sec
testFieldTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.109 sec
testVariableTemplateReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.12 sec
testVariableTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$SingleProject)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testFieldSpecializationInRef(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.281 sec
testStorageOfUninstantiatedValue_bug486671(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.352 sec
testVariableTemplatePartialSpecialization2(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.531 sec
testFieldTemplateReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.159 sec
testExplicitVariableInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testVariableSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.248 sec
testFieldSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.203 sec
testExplicitFieldInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.24 sec
testFieldTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.209 sec
testVariableTemplateReference(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.318 sec
testVariableTemplatePartialSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.internal.index.tests.IndexCPPVariableTemplateResolutionTest$ProjectWithDepProj)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testSetResourcesToExclusionsMapRefresh(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 1.257 sec
testAddEmptyConfiguration(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testNullProjectDescription_bug387428(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.111 sec
testEmptyRefreshScopeCloseAndReopen(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.125 sec
testResourceExclusion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testPersistAndLoad(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.118 sec
testDefaults(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.112 sec
testAddRemoveExclusion(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testAddDeleteResource(org.eclipse.cdt.core.resources.tests.RefreshScopeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
