-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.AutomatedSuite
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 1735, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 719.314 sec - in org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.AutomatedSuite
testBoundaryConditions1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.CommentOwnerManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.918 sec
testBoundaryConditions2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.CommentOwnerManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testWorkspaceRootLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.CommentOwnerManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.302 sec
testDocListenerEvents_221109(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.CommentOwnerManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testProjectLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.CommentOwnerManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testDCOM_BDFG(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 4.956 sec
testDCOM_PUNC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.919 sec
testDCOM_ABC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.827 sec
testDCOM_A(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.784 sec
testDCOM_B(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.739 sec
testDCOM_C(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.DocCommentHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.711 sec
testAutoDocCommentDestructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.134 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent17_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent11(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent13(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent14(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent15(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent17(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.089 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent18(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent19(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent20(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9c(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent3_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent4_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent5_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent6_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent7_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_c(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_d(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentConstructor1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testAutoDocCommentConstructor2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
_testAutoDocCommentContent10(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
_testAutoDocCommentContent16(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAutoDocCommentDestructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent17_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent4b_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent11(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.026 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent13(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent14(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent15(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent17(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent18(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent19(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent20(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent2b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent6b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent7b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9c(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9d(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9e(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent3_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent4_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent5_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent6_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent7_Dec(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentExternC3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_c(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent21_238852_d(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testAutoDocCommentContent9(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAutoDocCommentConstructor1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testAutoDocCommentConstructor2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
_testAutoDocCommentContent10(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
_testAutoDocCommentContent16(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.doctools.doxygen.DoxygenCCommentSingleAutoEditStrategyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testPerformance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PartitionTokenScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.238 sec
testIntraPartitionChange2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testInsertCharacterPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditingPreprocessor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditing1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditing2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditing3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditingString(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRawString_Bug352544(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIntraPartitionChange(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditingCharacter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testExtendPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSplitPartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSplitPartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSplitPartition3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInitialPartitioning(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCommentInPreprocessorString(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTogglePartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartitions1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartitions2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInsertStringPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicing_Bug124113(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRemovePartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRemovePartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testInsertNewPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRawString1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testRawString2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRawString3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInsertPreprocessorPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartition3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditingRawString1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditingRawString2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testEditingRawString3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPartitionFinder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCorruptPartitioning1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCorruptPartitioning2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCorruptPartitioning3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testString1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testString2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpenPartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOpenPartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIntraPartitionChange2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testInsertCharacterPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditingPreprocessor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEditing1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditing2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditing3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSingleLineComment_AtSign(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditingString(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIntraPartitionChange(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNoSingleLineComment_Dollar(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEditingCharacter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSingleLineComment_Hash(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSingleLineComment_Star(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testExtendPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSplitPartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSplitPartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSplitPartition3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testInitialPartitioning(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTogglePartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartitions1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartitions2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInsertStringPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testLineSplicing_Bug124113(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRemovePartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testRemovePartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testInsertNewPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testInsertPreprocessorPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSingleLineComment_Semicolon(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testJoinPartition3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSingleLineComment_CppStyle(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPartitionFinder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCorruptPartitioning1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCorruptPartitioning2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCorruptPartitioning3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOpenPartition1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOpenPartition2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AsmPartitionerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPasteLineCommentAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testPasteBlockCommentAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPasteAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTabsAsSpaces_SmartIndentDisabled_Bug242707(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testPreprocessorAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testBracketWithSemiColonInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testCopyCommentPrefix_Bug327311(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSkipToStatementStartWhitesmiths_Bug311018(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSmartPaste_Bug215310(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBracketIndentForConstructorDefinition_Bug183814(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testBracketInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testCCommentAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testSmartIndentAfterArrayIndexOperator_Bug291821(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentInsideNamespaceDefinition_Bug188007(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testSmartPasteWhitesmiths_Bug180531(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testDefaultAutoIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAutoIndentDisabled_Bug219923(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CAutoIndentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentation1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation9(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation10(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation11(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation12(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation13(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation14(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation15(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation16(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation17(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation18(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation19(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation20(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation21(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation22(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation23(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation24(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation25(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation26(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testIndentation27(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation28(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation29(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation30(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation31(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentation32(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation6a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation22a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentation22b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testListAlignmentMethodDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBraceAlignmentOfMultilineDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit10(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit11(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPrevIndentation9(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConditional1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConditional2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testListAlignmentArray2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testListAlignmentMethodCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testClassInstanceCreationHeuristic(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testShiftOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBlocksInCaseStatements(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrevIndentation10(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentation11(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testListAlignmentArray(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCompositeTypeDefinitionHeuristic(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPrevIndentationUnit9(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFieldReferenceHeuristic(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeuristicScannerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMultiplePeerEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 2.637 sec
testAngleBrackets(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.914 sec
testMultipleParenthesisInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.312 sec
testPeerEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.812 sec
testInsertInsideBrackets(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.582 sec
testInsertClosingQuote(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.571 sec
testExitOnReturn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.546 sec
testExitOnEsc(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.518 sec
testExitOnTab(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 2.185 sec
testNoInsertInsideText(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.636 sec
testCurlyBraceOutsideParentheses(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 2.509 sec
testInsertClosingQuoteInIncludeAtDocumentEnd_Bug309099(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 2.757 sec
testAngleBracketsAsOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.406 sec
testDeletingParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.122 sec
testDeletingMultipleParenthesisInsertion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 2.252 sec
testAngleBracketsInInclude(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.568 sec
testPreferences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.579 sec
testInsertClosingQuoteInMacroDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 4.268 sec
testCurlyBraceInsideParentheses(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 1.048 sec
testAngleBrackets_165837(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 3.887 sec
testInsertClosingQuoteInInclude(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.781 sec
testInsertClosingParenthesis(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BracketInserterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.592 sec
testUnchanged(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.IndentActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.426 sec
testComplex(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.IndentActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.394 sec
testSample(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.IndentActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.384 sec
testTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FormatActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.485 sec
testBugs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FormatActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.607 sec
testPreview(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FormatActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testComplex(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FormatActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.405 sec
testSample(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FormatActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.461 sec
testShiftRight(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.ShiftActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.395 sec
testShiftLeft(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.ShiftActionTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testTemplateConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testArrayInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCodeCorruptionWithIllegalKeyword_Bug329165(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSpaceAfterCommaInDeclaratorList_Bug234915(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testUniversalCharacters_Bug255949(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testCppCast_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testCppCast_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testInsertSpaceBeforeOpeningParen_Bug190184(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLineWrappingOfInitializerExpression_Bug200961(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMacroFormatting1_Bug241819(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_Bug373034(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testForLoopWrappingAtOpeningBrace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifierIndentation1_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMacroWithinTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testWhitespaceOptionsForExceptionSpecification_Bug243567(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testMacroAfterCompoundStatement_Bug356690(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMacroInElseBranch_Bug350689(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testMacroDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDoubleClosingAngleBrackets_Bug333816(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testTryCatchBlock(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testConstructorInitializer_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testConstructorInitializer_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPreserveSpaceBetweenNameAnd__attribute__Bug261967(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFormatterProblemsWithTypename_Bug269590(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testDesignatedInitializer_Bug314958(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testEnum(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testUsingDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testExpressionInArrayDeclarator_Bug350816(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMacroAsFunctionArguments_Bug253039(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBreakingPrecedence(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCastAsMacro_Bug285901(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testNewAndDeleteExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
test__attribute__InParameterDecl_Bug206271(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifierIndentation3_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFunctionDeclarationFallbackFormat(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionCallWithMultilineStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testParenthesizedExpressionInArgumentList_Bug350689(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionTryCatchBlock(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testIndentAfterDotE_Bug232739(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testConditionalExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testWrappingOfTemplateIdAsParameterType_Bug325783(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testRangeBasedFor_Bug328472(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testFormatGeneratedClass_Bug272006(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testForLoopAllman_Bug351399(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testFunctionDefinitionWithoutBody(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testHandleParsingProblemsInIfCondition_Bug240564(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testForWithEmptyExpression_Bug195942(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testForWithEmptyExpression_Bug280989(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAlignmentOfClassDefinitionBaseClause1_Bug192656(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPreserveWhitespace2_Bug225326(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMacroAsInitializer_Bug214354(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentAfterDotL_Bug232739(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCompoundStatementAsMacro_Bug244928(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testControlStatementsAsMacro_Bug290630(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testCompoundStatementAsMacroGNU_Bug244928(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEllipsisInFunctionDefinition_Bug350689(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSpaceAfterCommaInDeclaratorList2_Bug234915(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCompositeTypeSpecAsMacro_Bug298592(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAccessSpecifierAsMacro_Bug197494(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testDotStarAndArrowStarOperators_Bug257700(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testPreserveSpaceInParameterDecl_Bug241967(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionDeclarationTrailingMacro_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionDeclarationTrailingMacro_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSpaceAfterThrowKeyword_Bug229774(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPreserveSpaceInExternCDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testKeywordFinal_Bug460551(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testForLoopWhitesmiths_Bug351399(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks1a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks1b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testSizeofExpression_Bug195246(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSizeofExpression_Bug201330(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWrappingOfTemplateIdAsParameterType_Bug325783_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testPreserveWhitespace_Bug225326(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpaceBetweenParen_Bug217918(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testBinaryExpressionInMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testWideStringLiteral_Bug292626(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMemberAccess(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMacroWithMultipleDeclarations_Bug242053(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFormatterProblemsWithForeverMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testForLoopKnR_Bug351399(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testKeepWrappedLines_Bug322776(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testTemplateFunctionCall_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testTemplateFunctionCall_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testForLoopGNU_Bug351399(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFunctionMacroInInitializerExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLineCommentAsBlocks8(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testScannerErrorWithIntegerFollowedByStar_Bug278118(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testWhitespaceSurroundingOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMacroAfterElse(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMacroFormatting2_Bug241819(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFormatterRegressions_Bug225858(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifierIndentation2_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testLineWrappingOfConstructorCall_Bug237097(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testGNUCodingStyleConformance_Bug192764(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPreserveWhitespaceInParameterDecl_Bug228997(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testNestedTemplateParameters_Bug206801(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testLineCommentPreserveWhiteSpaceBefore(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testNamespaceAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNestedTemplatedArgument_Bug241058(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testCompoundStatementAsMacro_Temp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPreserveBlankLineAfterInclude(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConditionalExpressionChain(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testIndentConfusionByCastExpression_Bug191021(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testPreserveNewlineBetweenTypeAndFunctionDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionCall_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunctionCall_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionCall_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionCall_4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPlacementNewAsMacro_Bug298593(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpaceBetweenTypeAndIdentifier_Bug194603(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStaticCastInInitializer_Bug353974(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testKeywordFinalDerivedClass_Bug460551(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMacroAfterComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMacroInBinaryExpression_Bug344379(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testKeepWrappedLines_Bug322776_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testPreserveSpaceBetweenPointerModifierAndIdentifier_Bug243056(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testLineCommentMinDistanceFromCode(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentAfterDotF_Bug232739(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSpaceBetweenDeclSpecAndDeclarator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAlignmentOfBinaryExpression_Bug325787(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testMacroStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testSpaceBeforeSemicolonInFor_Bug242232(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAlignmentOfExceptionSpecificationInMethodDeclaration_Bug191980(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMacroArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testFunctionCallWithTemplates_Bug357300(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testCrLfAfterSingleLineComment_Bug442186(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBracesInMacros_Bug217435(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAlignmentOfClassDefinitionBaseClause2_Bug192656(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testOverloadedLeftShiftChain_7(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testLineWrappingOfThrowSpecification_Bug200959(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDoWhileInMacro_Bug359658(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testSpaceBeforeAndAfterAlternativeLogicalOperator_Bug239461(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBackslashUInPreprocessorDirective_Bug350433(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMacroInSwitch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPreserveNecessarySpace_Bug250969(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testPreserveNecessarySpace_Bug268962(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CodeFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testArrayInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentationAfterShiftRight_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringLiteralAsLastArgument_2_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCaseBlockAfterCharLiteral_Bug194710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedOutputStream(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedAssignment_3_Bug277624(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedFor_4_Bug277625(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBitFields_Bug193298(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentedClass_4_Bug210417(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentationAfterEnumValueAssignment_Bug324031(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionDeclaration_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionDeclaration_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionDeclaration_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConstructorBody_Bug194586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionParameters_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFunctionParameters_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionParameters_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFunctionParameters_4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifier_1_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentationOfConstructorBodyWithFieldInitializer_Bug298282(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConstructorBodyWithInitializer_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOperatorMethodBody_1_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentationAfterArrowOperator_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testInitializerLists_Bug194585(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedFor_1_Bug277625(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultilineFunctionCall_Bug380490(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testConstructorBodyWithInitializer_1_Bug194586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentedClass_1_Bug210417(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifier_3_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentationAfterGreaterOrEquals_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStringLiteralAsLastArgument_1_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testClassDeclaration_Bug278713(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNestedInitializerLists_Bug194585(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConstructorBodyWithThrow_Bug194586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedAssignment_2_Bug277624(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedDefine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNamespace_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNamespace_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedFor_3_Bug277625(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWhiteSmithsSwitch_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWhiteSmithsSwitch_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentedClass_3_Bug210417(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentationOfEnumeratorDeclWithInitializer_Bug303175(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testBaseClause_Bug383277(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testStringLiteralAsLastArgument_3_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIndentationOfConstMethodBody_Bug298282(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testIndentationOfCaseWithSignedConstant_Bug304150(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConditionalExpression_Bug283970(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testCallOfTemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentationAfterFunctionHeaderWithPointerReturnType_Bug334805(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testIndentationOfTypedefedCompositeType_Bug324031(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testWhiteSmithsAccessSpecifier_2_Bug204575(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTemplateClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testOperatorMethodBody_2_Bug192412(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentationInsideLinkageSpec_Bug299482(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedAssignment_1_Bug277624(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testWrappedFor_2_Bug277625(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIndentedClass_2_Bug210417(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CIndenterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSourroundWithForLoopTemplateDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.TemplateFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testForLoopTemplateDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.TemplateFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSourroundWithForLoopTemplateMixedIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.TemplateFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testForLoopTemplateMixedIndent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.TemplateFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
_testIndentationProblemWithBackslashInComment_Bug274973(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.TemplateFormatterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testMultiPreviousLn2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testPreviousCamelCaseWord(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testNext1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNext2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultiNextLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreviousLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevious1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrevious2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultiPreviousLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultiNextLn2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextCamelCaseWord(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNextLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreviousParen(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPreviousSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextParen(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNextSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CBreakIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiPreviousLn2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPreviousCamelCaseWord(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNext1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNext2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiNextLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreviousLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPrevious1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPrevious2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiPreviousLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultiNextLn2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNextCamelCaseWord(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextLn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPreviousParen(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testPreviousSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextParen(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNextSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordIteratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDependentMethodCall_379626(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.342 sec
testQualifiedEnum_485709(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.049 sec
testHighlightingInsideAlignmentSpecifier_451082(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.12 sec
testOverrideInMacroExpansion_486683a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.125 sec
testOverrideInMacroExpansion_486683b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.056 sec
testLocalVariableInLambdaCapture_486679(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.813 sec
testMethodNameInsideMacro_486682(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.238 sec
testInheritingConstructor_484898(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.076 sec
testVariousHighlightings(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.831 sec
testVariableTemplates_486672(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.27 sec
testCStructureName_451772(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.81 sec
testAliasTemplates_416748(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.931 sec
testNPE_458317(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.261 sec
testVariablePassedByNonconstRef_487764a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.057 sec
testVariablePassedByNonconstRef_487764b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.081 sec
testOverloadedOperatorInMacroExpansion_371839(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.063 sec
testDependentEnum_486688(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.916 sec
testLexicalColoringInsideMacroExpansion_490415(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 2.14 sec
testLexicalColoringInsideMacroExpansion_496696(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.062 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralSuffix_484617(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.883 sec
testRecursion_491834(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SemanticHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 1.547 sec
testInactiveCodePositions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.InactiveCodeHighlightingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.755 sec
testHeaderNoSpaceBetween(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBooleanLogic(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeaderExtraSpacesBefore(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeader2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeaderExtraSpacesBetween(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testVariableDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testHeaderIncludeNext(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CHeaderRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNonNumbers(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.NumberRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug163691(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.NumberRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testIntegers(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.NumberRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFloats(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.NumberRuleTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAngleBracketsAsPairsMultiline(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAngleBracketsAsPairsNested(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBeforeClosingMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAfterOpeningMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDoubleClosingAngleBrackets_Bug335702(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAngleBracketsAsPairs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBeforeClosingMatchWithNL(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAngleBracketsAsPairs2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBeforeOpeningMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testBeforeClosingMatchWithNLAndSingleLineComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAfterClosingMatchWithNL(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAngleBracketsAsOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAfterClosingMatchWithNLAndSingleLineComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testAfterClosingMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.PairMatcherTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMarkEnumeratorOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.558 sec
testMarkOperatorOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.626 sec
testMarkDestructorOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.505 sec
testMarkTypeOccurrences2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.417 sec
testMarkTypeOccurrences3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.608 sec
testMarkMethodOccurrences2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.498 sec
testMarkMethodOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.752 sec
testMarkNamespaceOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.537 sec
testMarkMacroOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.382 sec
testMarkConstructorOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.442 sec
testMarkTemplateIdOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.432 sec
testMarkLabelOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.487 sec
testMarkNamespaceVariableOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.509 sec
testNoOccurrencesIfDisabled(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.386 sec
testMarkTypedefOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.504 sec
testMarkLocalOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.435 sec
testMarkReferencedLabel(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.448 sec
testMarkTypeOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.458 sec
testMarkFieldOccurrences2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.473 sec
testMarkOccurrencesAfterEditorReuse(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.93 sec
testMarkTemplateParameterOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.453 sec
testMarkLabelReference(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.501 sec
testMarkFieldOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.54 sec
testMarkEmptyMacroOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.468 sec
testMarkClassTemplateOccurrences(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.MarkOccurrenceTest)  Time elapsed: 1.445 sec
testToggleFolding_Bug186729(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FoldingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.88 sec
testInitialFolding(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FoldingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.847 sec
testToggleFoldingNoASTRequired(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.FoldingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.842 sec
testNonFileEFSResource_Bug278632(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.242 sec
testScalabilityDialogNotDismissedInadvertently_417909(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.872 sec
testEditExternalTranslationUnitUsingFileStore(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 2.62 sec
testLeakingInstanceAfterClose(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 1.244 sec
testEditNewTranslationUnit(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 10.522 sec
testEditTranslationUnit(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 2.432 sec
testEditExternalTranslationUnit(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 2.363 sec
testEditInNonCProject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.97 sec
testSyntaxHighlighting_Bug180433(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.BasicCEditorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.773 sec
testHyperlinksCKeywords(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.HyperlinkTest)  Time elapsed: 0.698 sec
testHyperlinksCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.HyperlinkTest)  Time elapsed: 0.774 sec
testHyperlinksInactiveCode(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.HyperlinkTest)  Time elapsed: 0.625 sec
testHyperlinksCppWithoutAST(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.HyperlinkTest)  Time elapsed: 0.77 sec
testBasic(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testFindWord(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFindWordOnDocumentStart_Bug193461(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CWordFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testStructureCreatorNodeSizes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CStructureCreatorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testStructureCreatorNodeTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.CStructureCreatorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testCommentLastCharacterNoEOL(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.329 sec
testCommentCppComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.312 sec
testCommentSpecialPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.335 sec
testCommentCommentNoScrewUp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.333 sec
testCommentExactlyOneLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.34 sec
testCommentEndOfFileNoLoopingPlease(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.383 sec
testCommentSpecialPartitionExtra(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.381 sec
testCommentLastCppCommentNoEOL(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.358 sec
testCommentPartialLines1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.429 sec
testCommentPartialLines2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.443 sec
testCommentMergeUp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.361 sec
testCommentTwoOrMoreLines(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.303 sec
testCommentMergeComments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.332 sec
testCommentMergeDown(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.337 sec
testMixedEOLs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.348 sec
testCommentPlain(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.348 sec
testCommentPreprocessorFirstLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.324 sec
testCommentFirstCharacterInFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.368 sec
testUncommentEndOfFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.474 sec
testUncommentPreprocessorFirstLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.418 sec
testUncommentExactlyOneLineNoLoopingPlease(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.327 sec
testUncommentConnectedComments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
testUncommentPlain(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.314 sec
testLeftBorderOut(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.32 sec
testRightBorderIn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
testUncommentTwoOrMoreLines(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.322 sec
testUncommentFirstCharacterInFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.29 sec
testUncommentSpecialPartitionExtra(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.322 sec
testRightBorderOut(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.308 sec
testUncommentPartialLines1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.371 sec
testUncommentPartialLines2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.336 sec
testUncommentSpecialPartition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.305 sec
testUncommentCppComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.318 sec
testLeftBorderIn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testMixedEOLs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.RemoveBlockCommentTest)  Time elapsed: 0.395 sec
testSortLinesMixed(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SortLinesTest)  Time elapsed: 0.309 sec
testSortLinesCommentsOnly(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.SortLinesTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testUnresolvedName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.472 sec
testEnumerator_307738(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.372 sec
testMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.358 sec
testInsertionPoint_301780(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.376 sec
testInsertionPoint_435340(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.463 sec
testVariableType(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.4 sec
testTemplate_306670(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testResolvedName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.412 sec
testOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.AddIncludeTest)  Time elapsed: 0.411 sec
testGroupedNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.outline.BasicOutlineTest)  Time elapsed: 2.029 sec
testGroupedMembers(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.outline.BasicOutlineTest)  Time elapsed: 1.711 sec
testSimpleOutlineContent(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.outline.BasicOutlineTest)  Time elapsed: 1.236 sec
testGroupedMembersInGroupedNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.outline.BasicOutlineTest)  Time elapsed: 1.743 sec
testGroupedMembersInNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.outline.BasicOutlineTest)  Time elapsed: 1.732 sec
testSyncPopulation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.viewsupport.AsyncViewerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.204 sec
testAsyncPopulation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.viewsupport.AsyncViewerTest)  Time elapsed: 2.03 sec
testSyncPopulationEx(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.viewsupport.AsyncViewerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testRecompute(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.viewsupport.AsyncViewerTest)  Time elapsed: 1.281 sec
testAsyncPopulationEx(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.viewsupport.AsyncViewerTest)  Time elapsed: 2.078 sec
testStaticFunctionsCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 4.022 sec
testEnumeratorCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.103 sec
testAnonymousStructMembersC_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.288 sec
testFunctionsWithParamsC_175267(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.367 sec
testStaticFunctionsC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 3.683 sec
testAnonymousEnumeratorCpp_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.082 sec
testAnonymousStructMembersCpp_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.258 sec
testFunctionsC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.204 sec
testAnonymousUnionMembersC_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.219 sec
testAnonymousUnionMembersCpp_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.327 sec
testStructMembersCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.541 sec
testVariablesCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.23 sec
testFunctionsCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.202 sec
testEnumeratorC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.172 sec
testAnonymousEnumeratorC_156671(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.178 sec
testVariablesC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.26 sec
testStructMembersC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.55 sec
testFunctionsWithParamsCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.21 sec
testUnionMembersC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.554 sec
testUnionMembersCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.589 sec
testStaticMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.677 sec
testNamespacePart2_156519(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.946 sec
testMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.677 sec
testDestructor_156669(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.9 sec
testFields(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.632 sec
testAutomaticConstructor_156668(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.848 sec
testNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.532 sec
testConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.861 sec
_testAutomaticDestructor_156668(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.BasicCppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 9.063 sec
testCIntVarInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.InitializersInCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.84 sec
testMethodsInMultipleFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.927 sec
testTemplates(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 6.467 sec
testClosures_316307(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.797 sec
testCPPCallsC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 3.784 sec
testMultipleImplsForMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.937 sec
testMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.442 sec
testReverseMultipleImplsForMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 2.018 sec
testCCallsCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CppCallHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 3.713 sec
testMethodsInMultipleFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyAcrossProjectsTest)  Time elapsed: 1.971 sec
testMultipleImplsForMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyAcrossProjectsTest)  Time elapsed: 1.972 sec
testMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyAcrossProjectsTest)  Time elapsed: 1.348 sec
testReverseMultipleImplsForMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyAcrossProjectsTest)  Time elapsed: 2.266 sec
testCallHierarchyFromOutlineView_183941(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.948 sec
testReversePolyMorphicMethodCalls_156689(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 2.027 sec
testPolyMorphicMethodCalls_156689(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 5.278 sec
testMethodInstance_Bug240599(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.896 sec
testMultiLanguageWithPrototype_260262(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.858 sec
testUnnamedNamespace_283679(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.896 sec
testCallsToFromVirtualMethod_246064(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.888 sec
testCallHierarchyFromOutlineViewAmbiguous_183941(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.725 sec
testCallsToInstanceofSpecializedTemplate_361999(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.976 sec
testMultiplePolyMorphicMethodCalls_244987(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.97 sec
testMultiLanguageWithInlinedfunc_260262(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 1.854 sec
testMacrosHidingCall_249801(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.callhierarchy.CallHierarchyBugs)  Time elapsed: 0.987 sec
testEnumCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.446 sec
testEnumCFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.364 sec
testUnionCFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 0.924 sec
testEnumC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.257 sec
testEnumCPPFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.291 sec
testStructCFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.128 sec
testUnionCPPFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.119 sec
testUnionCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.724 sec
testStructCPP(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.732 sec
testUnionC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.691 sec
testStructCPPFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.112 sec
testStructC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.725 sec
testMultipleInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.545 sec
testDiamondInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.551 sec
testSimpleInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.542 sec
testViaTypedefInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.523 sec
testSimpleInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.551 sec
testMultipleInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.56 sec
testTemplatesNoInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.007 sec
testTemplateInstance_403418(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.187 sec
testDiamondInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.549 sec
testViaTypedefInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.CppTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.528 sec
testMultipleInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.848 sec
testDiamondInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.571 sec
testSimpleInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.622 sec
testViaTypedefInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.59 sec
testSimpleInheritance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.561 sec
testMultipleInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.623 sec
testDiamondInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.584 sec
testViaTypedefInheritanceFromMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.QuickTypeHierarchyTest)  Time elapsed: 1.576 sec
testSimpleInheritanceAcross(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.typehierarchy.TypeHierarchyAcrossProjectsTest)  Time elapsed: 1.641 sec
testInclusionAccrossProjects(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.includebrowser.BasicIncludeBrowserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.881 sec
testSimpleInclusion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.includebrowser.BasicIncludeBrowserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.639 sec
testBug72559(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist.ContentAssistTests)  Time elapsed: 0.463 sec
testBug72824(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist.ContentAssistTests)  Time elapsed: 0.42 sec
testBug69334a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist.ContentAssistTests)  Time elapsed: 0.228 sec
testBug69334b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist.ContentAssistTests)  Time elapsed: 0.245 sec
cleanupProject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist.ContentAssistTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_AnonymousTypes)  Time elapsed: 0.5 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ArgumentType_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ArgumentType_Prefix2)  Time elapsed: 0.481 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ClassReference_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.545 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ClassReference_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
[Failing] testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ConstructorReference)  Time elapsed: 0.453 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ExceptionReference_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ExceptionReference_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.4 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_FieldType_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.497 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_FieldType_NoPrefix2)  Time elapsed: 0.421 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_FieldType_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.476 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_FunctionReference_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.437 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MacroRef_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.435 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MacroRef_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.491 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Arrow_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.46 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Arrow_NoPrefix2)  Time elapsed: 0.696 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Arrow_NoPrefix3)  Time elapsed: 0.41 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Arrow_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.413 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Arrow_Prefix2)  Time elapsed: 0.398 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Dot_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.467 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_MemberReference_Dot_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.429 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_NamespaceRef_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.405 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_NamespaceRef_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.408 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_NewTypeReference_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_NewTypeReference_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.478 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ScopedReference_NonCodeScope)  Time elapsed: 0.405 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ScopedReference_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.397 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_ScopedReference_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.604 sec
[Failing] testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_SingleName_Method_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.517 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_SingleName_Method_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.447 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_SingleName_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.398 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_SingleName_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.416 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_SingleName_Prefix2)  Time elapsed: 0.416 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_TypeDef_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.464 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_TypeDef_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.427 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_TypeRef_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.397 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_TypeRef_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_VariableType_NestedPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.592 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_VariableType_NoPrefix)  Time elapsed: 0.519 sec
testCompletionProposals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTest_VariableType_Prefix)  Time elapsed: 0.55 sec
testBaseClassIsTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.483 sec
testUsingCompletionWithFollowingSemicolon(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.498 sec
testNestedBaseTemplateMembersFromUnknownScope_456752(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testForStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.521 sec
testForStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testForStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testPredefinedMacro_412463(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.426 sec
testLocalVariable_MemberFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.502 sec
testTemplateArgumentList(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.521 sec
testTypes_FakeFriendFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.47 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierUnion_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.52 sec
testTemplateInstanceMemberAccess_459047(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.503 sec
testCompletionInMacroArguments1_200208(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.432 sec
testCuttingInput1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.502 sec
testCuttingInput2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testTemplateSpecialization(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testContentAssistWithBraceInMacro_257915(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.47 sec
testTypes_GlobalQualification(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.575 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierStruct_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.541 sec
testEnums_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.496 sec
testArrayAccessOperator1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testArrayAccessOperator2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.414 sec
testArrayAccessOperator3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.434 sec
testArrayAccessOperator4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
testAccessToNamespaceFromClassMember1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.471 sec
testAccessToNamespaceFromClassMember2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.459 sec
testBaseClassIsStruct_434446(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.448 sec
testMethodDefinitionClassName_190296(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.468 sec
testFieldOfDeferredClassInstance_bug402617(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.693 sec
testAutoColons(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.443 sec
testTypes_NamespaceScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.44 sec
testDependentScopes_bug472818a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testDependentScopes_bug472818b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testDependentScopes_bug472818c(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.589 sec
testEnums_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.509 sec
testTemplateSelfReferencePDOM_bug456101(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.488 sec
testShadowingBaseClassMember_407807(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.55 sec
testAliasSyntheticMembers_415495(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testGlobalFunctions_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.598 sec
testNoDefaultFunctionParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.469 sec
testQualificationForAccess1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.458 sec
testQualificationForAccess2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
testCunstructorInitializerList_NameContextInput_266586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.464 sec
testGlobalFunctions_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testDependentMemberChain_bug478121(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.467 sec
testTypedefToAnonymous_204758(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.427 sec
testUsingCompletionWithoutTemplateArgumentsButSemicolon(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.492 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotClass_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.51 sec
testDataMembers_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.491 sec
testUsingDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testAutoColons2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
testAliasTemplate_418479(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.44 sec
testCunstructorInitializerList_MemberInput_266586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testNestedTemplateSpecialization_460341(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testDataMembers_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.566 sec
testNoDefaultTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.505 sec
testNoDefaultFunctionArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testTypes_FriendClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.423 sec
testCompletePreprocessorDirective(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
testDotToArrowConversionForTypedef_bug461527(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.547 sec
testInheritanceFromTemplateParameter_bug466861(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testDefaultTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.441 sec
testForwardMembersInInlineMethods_103857a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testForwardMembersInInlineMethods_103857b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.425 sec
testLocalVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.592 sec
testBindingsWithoutDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testContentAssistInDeferredClassInstance_194592(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
testExternC_bug191315(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotStruct_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testDisturbingMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testPreprocessorProvidedMacro_412463(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testMemebersForDeeplyNestedTemplates_459389(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.604 sec
testWhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.449 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotUnion2_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.423 sec
testLocalVariable_MemberVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testNestedTypesInQualifiedNames_255898(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.447 sec
testCompletionInsideAttribute_bug477359(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.48 sec
testPrivateStaticMember_109480(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testAliasDeclarationCompletion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testGlobalFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
testCompletionInMacroArguments2_200208(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.448 sec
testOwnMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.432 sec
testTemporaryObject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testGlobalVariables_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.508 sec
testCompletePreprocessorDirective2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.446 sec
testCompletePreprocessorDirective3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.414 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierClass_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.435 sec
testGlobalVariables_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
testDefaultTemplateTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.459 sec
testTemplateClassMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.501 sec
testUserMacroSegmentMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.425 sec
testNestedBaseTemplateMembers_422401(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.513 sec
testLambdaParameter_481070(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testBaseClassIsTemplateAlias_434446(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.409 sec
testDefaultFunctionArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.436 sec
testEnumInClass_bug199598(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.464 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotClass2_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.488 sec
testTypedefSpecialization_307818(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.417 sec
testCompletionInFloatingPointLiteral_193464(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.429 sec
testTypes_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotUnion_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.516 sec
testUsingDeclaration_331056(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testUsingDeclaration_379631(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testBuiltinMacroSegmentMatch(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.425 sec
testTypes_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.435 sec
testLocalVariables_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.441 sec
testMethods_MethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.441 sec
testNestedAnonymousStructs_206450(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
testLocalVariables_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.421 sec
testTypes_FakeFriendClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.472 sec
testTemplateMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.481 sec
testFunctionWithTypedefToAnonymousType_bug192787(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testPointerArithmetic1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.451 sec
testPointerArithmetic2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testPointerArithmetic3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.47 sec
testPointerArithmetic4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testPointerArithmetic5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testMethods_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.44 sec
testCasts1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.424 sec
testCasts2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testCatchBlock1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.476 sec
testCatchBlock2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.489 sec
testTypedefSyntheticMembers_415495(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testNestingClassNameInCompletion_395571(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.415 sec
testOwnMemberViaThis(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.458 sec
testCompletionInInitializerList_230389(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.429 sec
testInclusionProposals_bug113568(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.564 sec
testTemplateDeclaration_397288(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.517 sec
testConstructorInitializerList_BaseClassInput_266586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testAddressOf(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.446 sec
testQualifiedAccess_TypedefAsQualifier1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.427 sec
testQualifiedAccess_TypedefAsQualifier2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testQualifiedAccess_TypedefAsQualifier3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.443 sec
testUsingCompletionWithoutTemplateArguments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.447 sec
testCompletionAfterLessThan_229062(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.458 sec
testNoDefaultTemplateArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testTemplateSelfReference_bug456101(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.446 sec
testTypes_FriendFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.477 sec
testDereferencingOperator1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.458 sec
testDereferencingOperator2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.448 sec
testDereferencingOperator3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.476 sec
testGlobalVariableBeforeSave_180883(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.641 sec
testNestedCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.468 sec
testSwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.49 sec
testConstructorInitializerList_EmptyInput_266586(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.524 sec
testDeferredBaseClass_330762(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.496 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotStruct2_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.477 sec
testQualifiedAccess1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.464 sec
testQualifiedAccess2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.435 sec
testQualifiedAccess3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.443 sec
testUserdefinedCallOperator_231277(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.44 sec
testLocalVariableAfterOpeningParen_Bug180885(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.482 sec
testForStatement1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.453 sec
testForStatement2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testForStatement3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.524 sec
testLocalVariableOnLHS(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.465 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierUnion_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.833 sec
testFieldType_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.53 sec
testCompletionInInitializerList_Bug230389(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testCompletionInFloatingPointLiteral_Bug193464(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
testCuttingInput1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testCuttingInput2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testDataMembers_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.474 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierStruct_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.554 sec
testArrayAccessOperator1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testArrayAccessOperator2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.44 sec
testArrayAccessOperator3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.425 sec
testArrayAccessOperator4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.436 sec
testSingleName_Function_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.494 sec
testSingleName_Assignment_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testGlobalVariableBeforeSave_Bug180883(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.441 sec
testAnonymousTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.423 sec
testMemberReference_Arrow_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.456 sec
testArgumentTypes_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.494 sec
testFieldType_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.435 sec
testMacroRef_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.433 sec
testGlobalFunctions_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.63 sec
testLocalVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.472 sec
testTypes_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.459 sec
testMemberReference_Arrow_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.428 sec
testBindingsWithoutDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.474 sec
testExternC_bug191315(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.525 sec
testTypeDef_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.434 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotStruct_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testDisturbingMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.425 sec
testCompletionInMacroArguments1_Bug200208(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.437 sec
testMemberReference_Arrow_Prefix2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.472 sec
testWhileStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.462 sec
testLocalVariable_MemberVariable(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testTypedefToAnonymous_Bug204758(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.512 sec
testEnums_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
testGlobalFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testLocalVariables_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.447 sec
testGlobalVariables_FunctionScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.442 sec
testGlobalVariables_GlobalScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.46 sec
testNestedAnonymousStructs_Bug206450(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.506 sec
testSingleName_Function_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.485 sec
testStaticVariables_Bug197990(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.469 sec
testElaboratedTypeSpecifierNotUnion_bug208710(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.545 sec
testMemberReference_Dot_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.506 sec
testPointerArithmetic1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.536 sec
testPointerArithmetic2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testPointerArithmetic3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testPointerArithmetic4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.453 sec
testPointerArithmetic5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.493 sec
testCasts1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.51 sec
testCasts2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
testLocalVariableInAssignment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testMacroRef_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testAddressOf(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.436 sec
testMemberReference_Arrow_NoPrefix2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.447 sec
testDereferencingOperator1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testDereferencingOperator2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testDereferencingOperator3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.45 sec
testNestedCalls(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.498 sec
testSwitchStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.463 sec
testSingleName_Assignment_Prefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.468 sec
testCompletionInMacroArguments2_Bug200208(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.488 sec
testMemberReference_Dot_NoPrefix(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CompletionTests_PlainC)  Time elapsed: 0.594 sec
testMethodWithCast(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.477 sec
testMethodScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.496 sec
testTemplateFunction2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.488 sec
testFunctionsOnly(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.522 sec
testTemplateConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.43 sec
testAccurateName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testConstructor3_Bug327064(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.461 sec
testTemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.453 sec
testTemplateConstructor2_Bug223660(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testFormatterConfiguredWithSpaceAfterComma(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testMethodDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.436 sec
testInvalidInvocation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.437 sec
testOffsetCalculation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.459 sec
testConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.546 sec
testFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testConstructor2_Bug223660(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ParameterHintTests)  Time elapsed: 0.444 sec
testInsideConstructor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.567 sec
testOverloadedMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.443 sec
testParameterNameMatching(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.49 sec
testIndirectTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.446 sec
testOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.439 sec
_testTemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CPPParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.449 sec
testMultipleFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.471 sec
testIndirectTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.CParameterGuessingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.454 sec
testCamelCaseOn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ShowCamelCasePreferenceTest)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
testDefault(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ShowCamelCasePreferenceTest)  Time elapsed: 0.437 sec
testCamelCaseOff(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.ShowCamelCasePreferenceTest)  Time elapsed: 0.476 sec
testBug298554_multiLineSelectedWithoutWhitespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testBug304482_onlyWordOnLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.461 sec
testMultiLineSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.451 sec
testPartialLineWordSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.462 sec
testBug298554_lineSelectedWithoutWhitespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.482 sec
testFullLineSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testWordSelectionOverMultiLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.449 sec
testBug304482_onlyWordOnLineStartOfLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.451 sec
testWordSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.contentassist2.TemplateProposalTest)  Time elapsed: 0.452 sec
testNamespaceVarBinding_156519(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.ResolveBindingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testNamespaceVarBinding(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.ResolveBindingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testMethodBinding_158735(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.ResolveBindingTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testUnresolvedType(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.93 sec
testMemberOfDependentBase_421823(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.969 sec
testEmptyMacro_Bug198649(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.301 sec
testLocallyDeclaredExternVariable_372004(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.72 sec
testBug325135a(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.849 sec
testBug325135b(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.841 sec
testBug76043(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.78 sec
testBug78354(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.738 sec
testBug92632(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.864 sec
testBug93281(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.941 sec
testBug95202(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.766 sec
testBug95224(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.708 sec
testBug95225(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.909 sec
testBug95229(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.769 sec
testBasicTemplateInstance(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.844 sec
testAmbiguityWithImplicitName_463234(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.883 sec
testFallBackForStaticFuncs_Bug252549(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.525 sec
testInheritedConstructor_484899(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.77 sec
testDependentNameInNamespace_281736(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.771 sec
testBug103697(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.731 sec
testBug195822(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.397 sec
testBug399142(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.738 sec
testBasicDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.807 sec
testBug86829A(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.768 sec
testBug86829B(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.806 sec
testDependentMemberAccess_448764(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.72 sec
testCPPSpecDeclsDefs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 4.536 sec
testDependentNameTwoChoices_281736(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.777 sec
testNoDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.209 sec
testUnresolvedMethod_278337(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.144 sec
testUserDefinedLiteralSuffix_484618(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.759 sec
testUnresolvedOverloadedFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.777 sec
cleanupProject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testKRstyleFunctions_Bug221635(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.77 sec
testBug76043(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.736 sec
testBug78354(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.725 sec
testBug103697(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.742 sec
testBasicDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.612 sec
testCPPSpecDeclsDefs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.238 sec
testNoDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.208 sec
cleanupProject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsNoIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testNavigationCppCallsC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.842 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.617 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.676 sec
testCNavigationInCppProject_bug183973(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.709 sec
testImplicitConstructorCall_248855(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.795 sec
testBug78354(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.454 sec
testBug93281(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.96 sec
testBug95202(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.982 sec
testBug95225(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.908 sec
testTwoMacrosWithSameName_440940(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.447 sec
testMacroNavigation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 4.493 sec
testFunctionParameterReferencingPreviousParameter_432703(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.849 sec
testTemplateClassMethod_207320(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.477 sec
testBug101287(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.547 sec
testBug102258(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.581 sec
testBug103323(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.432 sec
testBug103697(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testBug108202(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.423 sec
testBug168533(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.934 sec
testBug207320(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.506 sec
testBug272744(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.47 sec
testBug305487(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.852 sec
testUndef_312399(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.417 sec
testBug380197(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.45 sec
testBasicDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 7.989 sec
testBug86829A(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.507 sec
testMacroNavigation_Bug208300(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 4.565 sec
testCPPSpecDeclsDefs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 28.878 sec
testIncludeNavigation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.408 sec
testBasicTemplateInstance_207320(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.361 sec
testNavigationInDefinedExpression_215906(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.919 sec
testNavigationToImplicitNames(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.415 sec
testNavigationCCallsCpp(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.043 sec
_testBug86829B(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CPPSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.508 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousStruct_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.649 sec
testFuncWithTypedefForAnonymousEnum_190730(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.713 sec
testKRstyleFunctions_Bug221635(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.809 sec
testBug78354(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.976 sec
testBuiltinMacro_Bug293864(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 0.769 sec
testMacroNavigation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 3.897 sec
testBug101287(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.558 sec
testBug103697(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.512 sec
testBasicDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 6.62 sec
testMacroNavigation_Bug208300(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 2.983 sec
testCPPSpecDeclsDefs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 20.901 sec
testNavigationInMacroDefinition_Bug102643(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.379 sec
testIncludeNavigation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.text.selection.CSelectionTestsIndexer)  Time elapsed: 1.413 sec
testLocalRenameLanguageKeyword(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.quickfix.AssistQuickFixTest)  Time elapsed: 0.929 sec
testLocalRenameClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.quickfix.AssistQuickFixTest)  Time elapsed: 0.846 sec
testLocalRenameMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.quickfix.AssistQuickFixTest)  Time elapsed: 0.812 sec
testShowConsoleForNonCDTProject_bug306945(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.buildconsole.BuildConsoleTests)  Time elapsed: 1.098 sec
testGlobalCdtConsole(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.buildconsole.BuildConsoleTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testSecondaryBuildConsole(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.buildconsole.BuildConsoleTests)  Time elapsed: 0.571 sec
testDynamicBuildConsole(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.buildconsole.BuildConsoleTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testSearchAndTemplateIDs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testOverloadedOperatorNoSpace_408870(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testIndexerInProgress(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 2.338 sec
testExternalPathRenderedCorrectly_79193(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.616 sec
testNoIndexerEnabled_158955(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.548 sec
testNewResultsOnSearchAgainA(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testNewResultsOnSearchAgainB(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.BasicSearchTest)  Time elapsed: 1.081 sec
testVirtualMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.LinkedNamesFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.434 sec
testClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.LinkedNamesFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testIncludeGuards(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.LinkedNamesFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testMethodParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.LinkedNamesFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testSearchReferencesAcrossLangs_405678(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.search.SearchReferencesAcrossLanguagesTest)  Time elapsed: 0.953 sec
Check Correct Identifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.CorrectCaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
Check Digit First Identifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.DigitFirstCaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
Check Empty Identifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.EmptyCaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
Check Illegal Character Identifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.IllegalCharCaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
Check Keyword Identifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.KeywordCaseTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testFindFunctionDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.DefinitionFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.115 sec
testNonConflictingCase(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMultipleNonConflictingCase(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testWithNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConflictingCase(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testMultipleConflictsCase(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBug288736TemplateParam(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.PseudoNameGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCreateByExample(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.NameComposerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testTrimFieldName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.NameComposerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCompose(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.utils.NameComposerTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testEnumerator_62(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.292 sec
testNamespace_66_79281(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testNamespace_66_79282(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testLocalVar(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testEnumeration_48(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testClass_81_72620(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testRenameParticipant(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testMethod_33b_72605(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testAttribute_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testFileStaticVar(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testSimpleRename(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testNamespace_66(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testMethod_34(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testMethod_39(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testMethod_40(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testMethod_41(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testMethod_43(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testMethod_44(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMethod_45(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testDestructor_28(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testDestructor_29_72612(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAttribute_54(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testAttribute_61(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.017 sec
testAttribute_63(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testAttribute_64(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testAttribute_65(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.016 sec
testTemplate_49_72626(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testMethod_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testMethod_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testUnion_47(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.015 sec
testClass_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testConstructor_26(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testConstructor_27(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testClass_92A(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClass_92B(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testStruct_46(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testMethod_32_72717(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testVariable_88_72617(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testClass_52(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testClass_53(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testClass_55(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.009 sec
testClass_56(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testClass_55_72748(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClass_55_79231(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVariable_68(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testFunction_31(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testFunction_67(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testMethod_33_72605(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testVariable_68_79295(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
Failing _testMethod_35_72726 [bug 72726](org.eclipse.cdt.core.tests.FailingTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testVaribleNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testLocalNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.276 sec
testParameterNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.094 sec
testReferenceViaMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testBug72646(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.018 sec
testMemberNameConflicts1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.08 sec
testMemberNameConflicts2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.359 sec
testVaribleNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.25 sec
testEnumeratorNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.236 sec
testParameterNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.292 sec
testLocalNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testReferenceViaMacro2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testReferenceViaMacro3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testReferenceViaMacro4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testReferenceViaMacro5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testEnumeratorNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameVariableTests)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testBug72605(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testBug72732(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testBug330123(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testFunctionNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.201 sec
testMethodNameConflicts1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testMethodNameConflicts2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.302 sec
testFunctionNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testFunctionsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameFunctionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testClassNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.285 sec
testEnumNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testBug72888(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.008 sec
testRenameClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testStructNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.311 sec
testTypedefNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.212 sec
testNamespaceNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.273 sec
testStructNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testEnumNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.232 sec
testUsingDeclaration_332895(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testUnionNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.293 sec
testTypedefNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testUnionNameConflictsPlainC(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTypeTests)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testMacroParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.014 sec
testMacroNameConflicts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testRenameMacroAsMacroArgument(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testClassMacroClash(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testMacroRename(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testMacroRename_434917(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.011 sec
testIncludeGuard(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameMacroTests)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testClassTemplate(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameTemplatesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
cleanupProject(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.rename.RenameRegressionTests)  Time elapsed: 0.019 sec
testNestedLoops_Bug424876(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.365 sec
testDuplicates(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testObjectStyleMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testDuplicatesAndComments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testExplicitlyAssignedReturnValueAndOutputParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.081 sec
testTypedef_Bug241717(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testHistoryWithVariableDefinedInScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.116 sec
testLabelFromMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testLiteralFromMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testReferenceVariable_Bug239059(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testHistoryWithDuplicatesWithDifferentNames(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testFunctionStyleMacro_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testReturnValueSelection_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testReturnValueSelection_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testReturnValueSelection_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testMethodCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testTemplateFunctionWithTemplateTypeDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testOutputParameterWithMethodCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testOutputParameterPassedByPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testHandlingOfBlankLines(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testTraillingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionInForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testReturnValueAssignedInMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionInIfStatement(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testExplicitlyAssignedReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testCommentsWithMacroCallInSelectedCodeForgetsTheMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testExtractArrayInitializer_Bug412380(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionInWhileLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testTemplateFunctionWithTemplateParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testMethodCallWithDuplicate(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.073 sec
testDuplicatesWithDifferentNamesAndOutputParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testMultipleMacros(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testCFunction_Bug282004(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testCFunction_Bug288268(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testCatchUnnamedException_Bug281564(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testDoNotReturnVariablesThatAreNotUsed(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testDuplicatesWithDifferentNames(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionWithGotoLoopComplex(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.078 sec
testCommentsInHeader_Bug264712(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testDoNotExtractCodeContainingContinue(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testContinueInsideRangeBasedLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testQualifiedReturnTypeName_Bug248238_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testQualifiedReturnTypeName_Bug248238_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testVirtual(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testOutputParameterInDuplicateButNotInOriginal(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionWithGotoLoopSimple(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testHistoryWithLeadingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testHistory(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testTemplateFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.172 sec
testComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testNamedTypedField(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testDuplicateWithField(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.085 sec
testHistoryWithTrailingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testTwoLocalVariables(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testReturnValueWithCtorInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testConstMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.084 sec
testInputParameterPassedByPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testWithoutReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testPublicVisibility(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.067 sec
testBlock_Bug262000(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testDoNotExtractCodeContainingReturn(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testDuplicateWithFieldInMarkedScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testProtectedVisibility(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testDuplicatesWithDifferentNamesAndReordering(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testAuto_Bug422727(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testLocalVariableDeclaration_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.061 sec
testLocalVariableDeclaration_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testLocalVariableDeclaration_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testOutputParametersDetectionInSwitchStatement_Bug302406(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testRenamedParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testLeadingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testStringArray(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testReturnStatementExpression_Bug248622_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testReturnStatementExpression_Bug248622_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractfunction.ExtractFunctionRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testCarretAtLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.186 sec
testExtractConstantFloat(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testReplaceNumberProtected(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testExtractTwoIndependentLiterals(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testExtractConstantFromInlinedMethod_Bug246062(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testCarretInLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testExtractionOfUnaryExpressions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testExtractConstantStaticInt(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.091 sec
testHistoryReplaceNumberPrivate(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testNoSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testHistoryReplaceNumberProtected(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testSingleBinaryExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testOccupiedAndFreeNamesInContext(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testDefaultNameForIntegerLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testExtractOnlyOneOccurrence(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testHistoryExtractConstantInt(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testExtractConstantWideString(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testExtractIdentifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testBinaryExpressionInFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testExtractFunctionCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testExtractConstantInt2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testExtractConstantInt(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testString(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testReplaceNumberPrivate(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testExtractConstantDouble(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractconstant.ExtractConstantRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testEmptyPublicSections(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.099 sec
testBlockCommentBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testLineCommentWithSpaceBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testBlockCommentWithSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testChangeToDefaultVisibilityClass1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testChangeToDefaultVisibilityClass2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testStandaloneFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testChangeToDefaultVisibilityStruct(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testBlockCommentBeforeAndBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testReferences1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testReferences2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testReferences3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testReferences4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testMixedCommentBeforeAndAfter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testBigBlockCommentBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testBigBlockComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testLineCommentWithSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testLineComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testTwoMethodsDifferentLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testHistorySimple(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testNoChange(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testSimpleImplementationFileWithCommentsBUG60(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testBlockCommentWithSpaceBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTwoMethodsSameLineWithComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testBlockComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testCPPFileSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testSimpleImplementationFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTwoMethodsDifferentLineWithComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testBigBlockCommentBeforeAndBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testTwoMethodsSameLine(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testSimple(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testSeveralPrivateSections(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testCheckIfPrivateBug1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testCheckIfPrivateBug2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testCheckIfPrivateBug3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testCheckIfPrivateBug4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testLineCommentBehind(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.hidemethod.HideMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testNoMethods(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.09 sec
testNoMethodsAscendingVisibilityOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testMultipleSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testOneGetterSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testOneGetterSelectionWithNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testNoMethodsSeparateDefinition_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.076 sec
testNoMethodsSeparateDefinition_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testOneSetterSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testPassByReferenceSeparateDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testSelectionWithSeparateDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
testClassWithMacro_Bug363244(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testBug323780(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testInsertDefinitionInEmptyImplementationFile_Bug337040_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testInsertDefinitionInEmptyImplementationFile_Bug337040_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testAvoidingReservedNames_Bug352258(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testGetterForAnArrayField_Bug319278(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testMultipleDeclarators_371840(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testNoFields(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testOneSetterSelectionSeparateDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testNestedClasses_Bug316083(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testGetterAndSetterSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testOneGetterSelectionWithNamespaceSeparateDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testVisibilityOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.gettersandsetters.GenerateGettersAndSettersTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testTestIfTemplateMethodStaysInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.079 sec
testStaticMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFunctionWithinNamespaces(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testWithTwoIntParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testExistingNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTemplateFunction_Bug355006(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testEmptyImplementationFile_Bug337040(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testNestedClass_Bug290110(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testEmptyThowsClause_Bug393833(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testVirtualMethodBetweenCtorAndDtor(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testMethodOfTemplateClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testLastMethodInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testExplicitConstructor_Bug363111(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testFunctionWithinNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFunctionAtEndOfSourceFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testPointerReturnValue_Bug238253(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testClassTemplateMemberFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testWithDefaultParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testNonEmptyThowsClause_Bug393833(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testVoidParameter_Bug238554(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testMemberClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testParameterWithDefaultValue(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testDeclaredInOtherwiseEmptyClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testWithIntReturnValue(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testConstMethod(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFunctionAtStartOfSourceFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testNameQualification_Bug282989(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testFirstMethodInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testNoImplementationFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testNamespace(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testDefinedInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.implementmethod.ImplementMethodRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testStringLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testCharLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testTemplateTypeParameters_Bug331963(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testArrayOfFunctionPointers_Bug318784(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testFloatLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testSuggestedName_Bug330693_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testSuggestedName_Bug330693_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testSuggestedName_Bug335202_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testSuggestedName_Bug335202_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testPointer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testQualifiers(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testOverloadedOperators(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testSuggestedNameCFile_Bug412032(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testSuggestedNameInScope(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testTemplateTypeParametersWithNamespace_Bug331963(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testSuggestedNameCFile_Bug412032_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testParentheses(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testForStatement_Bug277065(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testTemplateWithFunctionArgument_487186(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testIntLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testLocalVariableFromForLoop(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testDoubleLiteral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.extractlocalvariable.ExtractLocalVariableRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTestFreeFunctionToggleFromImplementationToHeaderWithDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.124 sec
testTestDestructorToggleInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testToggleFunctionWithTypedefReturntypeToSource_399217(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testImplToHeaderBodyCommentWithoutDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.088 sec
testTestNestedClassInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testTestSubstringSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testClassToHeaderBodyComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testTestNestedClassInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.06 sec
testTestVirtualSpecifierFromImplementationToHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testTestDestructorToggleInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testHeaderToClassMultiTemplateComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testTestNamespacedFreeFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testTestFreeFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.066 sec
testTestTryCatchFromInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testImplToHeaderTopComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testTestTemplateFunctionInHeaderToInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testTestTemplateFunctionInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testQualifiedFunctionInNestedNamespaceToSourceWithRecurringNamespaceName_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testClassToHeaderTopComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testFreeFunctionFromHeaderToImpl(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.069 sec
testTestRemoveEmptyNamespaceFromImplentation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testToggleFunctionWithScopedTypedefReturntype_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testToggleMemberFunctionOfPartialSpecialization_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testTestSimpleFunctionInImplementationToInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testTestComplexTemplateFunctionFromInHeaderToInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testTestComplexTemplateFunctionFromInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testFreeFunctionFromImplToHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testTestNotSupportedNestedFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.025 sec
testTestSimpleNamespaceInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testHeaderToImplFreeFuncTopComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.189 sec
testTestTryCatchFromInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testTestNotSupportedNoTranslationunit(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testClassToHeaderTrailingCommentWithTryBlock(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testTestSimpleFunctionInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testTestNotSupportedVariableSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.02 sec
testToggleFunctionFailsOnSyntaxError_389299(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testTestNotSupportedNoDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testHeaderToImplBodyComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testToggleMemberFunctionOfFullSpecialization_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testTestSimpleNamespaceInHeaderToImplementationWithNamespaceQualifiedName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testTestImplementationToClassWithDefintionSelected(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.071 sec
testClassToHeaderTrailingComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testTestMultipleTryCatchFromInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testTestSimpleNamespaceFromImplementationToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testHeaderToImplTopComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testTestMultipleTryCatchFromInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testTestImplementationToClassWithDeclarationSelected(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testTestDestructorToggleInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testQualifiedFunctionInNestedNamespaceToSourceWithInnerNamespace_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testClassToHeaderCatchComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testFileCreationFreeFunctionFromHeaderToImpl(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testTestDifferentParameterNames(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testTestTemplateFunctionInHeaderToInClassWithTemplateSelected(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testTestCorrectOrderingInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTestFreeFunctionToggleFromImplementationToHeaderWithOutDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testTestTryCatchFromInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testFunctionInNestedNamespaceToHeaderLeaveNonemptyNamespace_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.05 sec
testHeaderToClassBodyComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testQualifiedFunctionInRecurringNestedNamespaceToNewSource_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.058 sec
testTestConstructorToggleInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testTestZeroLengthSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testFileCreationFromImplToHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testClassToHeaderTopCommentOrder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testToggleFunctionWithTemplateReturnType_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testImplToHeaderBodyComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTestMissingParameterNames(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testToggleMemberFunctionOfPartialSpecializationMultiplePointers_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTestRightBorderSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testFunctionWithMacroReference_399215(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testTestNestedClassInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testTestQualifiedNameToggle(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.024 sec
testTestMultipleTryCatchFromInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testToggleFunctionWithScopedTypedefReturntypeFromTemplate_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testTestSimpleNamespaceInHeaderToImplementationWithinNamespaceDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testTestRemoveVirtualSpecifierFromClassToInheader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testFunctionInNestedNamespaceToHeader_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTestDefaultParameterInitializerInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testImplToHeaderTopCommentWithoutDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testTestOverlappingSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testTestLeftBorderSelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testTestDefaultParameterInitializerInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.051 sec
testTestCorrectTemplateOrderingInHeaderToInClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.054 sec
testHeaderToClassTryCatchComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testTestCorrectTemplateOrderingInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testTestConstructorToggleInImplementationToClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testToggleWithTemplateQualifierInReturnType_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testTestBodySelection(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testTestMultipledefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testHeaderToClassBodyComment1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testFunctionInNestedNamespaceToSource_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testToggleFunctionFromNestedTemplate_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testClassToHeaderTemplateTopComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testTestVirtualSpecifierFromInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testTestSimpleFunctionInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testTestMultipleDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testToggleWithTemplateArgumentDependentQualifierInReturnType_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.049 sec
testTestConstructorToggleInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testHeaderToClassRetainTopComments(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTestBodySelectionWithConfusingName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.035 sec
testImplToHeaderTryCatchComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testQualifiedFunctionInNestedNamespaceToSource_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testTestDefaultParameterInitializerInClassToInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testTestFreeFunctionToggleFromHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testHeaderToImplTryCatchComment(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testToggleFunctionWithTypedefReturntypeToHeader_399217(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testTestCorrectOrderingInHeaderToImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.068 sec
testTestSimpleNamespaceInHeaderToImplementationWithNamespaceDefinitionInImplementation(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testQualifiedFunctionInRecurringNestedNamespaceToSourceWithInnerNamespace_464102(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.074 sec
testToggleMemberFunctionOfPartialSpecializationWithTwoParameters_399931(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testClassToHeaderTrailingMultipleCommentsInTryBlock(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testFileFromHeaderToImpl(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringCTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testToggleCFunction(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleRefactoringCTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testGetFilenameWithoutExtension1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleNodeHelperTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testGetFilenameWithoutExtension2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.togglefunction.ToggleNodeHelperTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOptionalMap(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOptionalCyclicMap(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUnconditionalCyclicMap(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testUpconditionalMap(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeMapTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testConstructorCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.075 sec
testVariableReference(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testMethodCall_488349(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testBaseClause_421398(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testIdentityMacro_487972(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testClassMember(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testMethodCall(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testFunctionCallWithTypeConversion_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testFunctionCallWithTypeConversion_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testBaseClass(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testFunctionDeclarationWithTypeConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testFieldReference_487971(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testLambdaExpression(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testTemplatesAllowingIncompleteParameterType_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testTemplatesAllowingIncompleteParameterType_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.043 sec
testTemplatesAllowingIncompleteParameterType_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testTemplatesAllowingIncompleteParameterType_4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testTemplatesAllowingIncompleteParameterType_5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testConstructorCallWithTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testOverloadedOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.023 sec
testFieldReference(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testFunctionCallWithTypedef(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testMacro_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testMacro_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testMacro_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testMacro_4(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testMacro_5(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testMacro_6(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testTemplate_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.138 sec
testTemplate_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testCallOperator(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testSuperClassMethodCall_436656(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testClassHierarchy(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testMethodDefinition(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testInitializerList_506529(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testFieldAccess_442841_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testFieldAccess_442841_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testNamespaceAlias(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testTypedef_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testTypedef_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testTypedef_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testFunctionReturnType_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testFunctionReturnType_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testFunctionReturnType_3(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testUsingDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testConstructorChainInitializer(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.031 sec
testFunctionCallWithReferenceParameter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testVariableDeclaration(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testFunctionCallWithPointerParameter_1(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testFunctionCallWithPointerParameter_2(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.BindingClassifierTest)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testSymbolToDeclareIsDefinedInIncludedHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.161 sec
testVariableReference(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.047 sec
testMethodCall_488349(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
testHeaderExport(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.062 sec
testIndirectHeaderExport(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.063 sec
testMacro(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.037 sec
testExportedSymbol(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.045 sec
testForwardDeclarations(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.11 sec
testPrivateHeaders(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.055 sec
testExistingIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.046 sec
testFieldAccess_442841(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.042 sec
testIncludeGuards(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.04 sec
testNoExistingIncludes(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testExistingPartnerIncludeIsNotRemoved(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testPartnerInclusion(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testPragmaKeep(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testPragmaOnce(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.096 sec
testMethodDefinedInHeader(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testExistingIncludesNoReordering(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.refactoring.includes.IncludeOrganizerTest)  Time elapsed: 0.052 sec
testGetMatchingFunctions(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.chelp.CHelpTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCHelpBookDescriptors(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.chelp.CHelpTest)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testGetHelpResources(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.chelp.CHelpTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGetFunctionInfo(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.chelp.CHelpTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCHelpProviderManagerGeneral(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.chelp.CHelpTest)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testEmptyName(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.classwizard.ClassWizardNameTest)  Time elapsed: 0.344 sec
testAllowedCharacters(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.classwizard.ClassWizardNameTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testStandardKeyword(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.classwizard.ClassWizardNameTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFirstCharacter(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.classwizard.ClassWizardNameTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNotValid(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.settingswizards.SettingsImportExportTest)  Time elapsed: 0.382 sec
testNormalExportImport(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.wizards.settingswizards.SettingsImportExportTest)  Time elapsed: 0.239 sec
testImage(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.misc.CDTSharedImagesTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testVerifyFields(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.misc.CDTSharedImagesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOverlays(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.misc.CDTSharedImagesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testNoImage(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.misc.CDTSharedImagesTests)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testConcurrentExceptionInLanguageVerifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.misc.LanguageVerifierTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testFilesWithSameNameInSubdirectory_421544(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.editor.SourceHeaderPartnerFinderTest)  Time elapsed: 0.064 sec
testSharedDefaults(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateEngine)  Time elapsed: 0.431 sec
testSingleton(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateEngine)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPersistTrueIDs(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateCore)  Time elapsed: 0.013 sec
testGetAllMissingMacrosInProcesses(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateCore)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testValueStoreNotNull(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateCore)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testCompareValueStoreWithTemplateDefaluts(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestValueStore)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testValueStoreNotNull(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestValueStore)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDeleteBackEndStorage(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestSharedDefaults)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAddToBackEndStorage(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestSharedDefaults)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testUpdateToBackEndStorage(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestSharedDefaults)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testAddFile(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.041 sec
testAddLink(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testCreateResourceIdentifier(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.029 sec
testCopy(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testAddFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testAppend(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.223 sec
testCreateSourceFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.07 sec
testAppendCreate(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testBug215283(org.eclipse.cdt.ui.tests.templateengine.TestTemplateEngineBugs)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
