-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test set: org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.tests.suite.AllManagedBuildTests
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tests run: 217, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 119.688 sec - in org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.tests.suite.AllManagedBuildTests
testGnu(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.tests.suite.Preconditions)  Time elapsed: 0.038 sec
testContentTypes(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.tests.suite.Preconditions)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testBasicCfgScannerConfigProfileChanges(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.CfgScannerConfigProfileManagerTests)  Time elapsed: 3.925 sec
testProcessLine_ParamUnused(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testProcessLine_NoArgs(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProcessLine_EmptyArgList(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProcessLine_EmptyBody(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProcessLine_ParamSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProcessLine_Const(org.eclipse.cdt.build.core.scannerconfig.tests.GCCSpecsConsoleParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testNulls(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.LanguageSettingsProvidersMBSTest)  Time elapsed: 0.01 sec
testProjectPersistence_Defaults(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.LanguageSettingsProvidersMBSTest)  Time elapsed: 0.583 sec
testGnuToolchainProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.LanguageSettingsProvidersMBSTest)  Time elapsed: 0.491 sec
testProjectPersistence_NoProviders(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.LanguageSettingsProvidersMBSTest)  Time elapsed: 0.695 sec
testEndOfLine(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.198 sec
testContentType_Mismatch(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testFileMissing(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testAbstractBuildCommandParser_SerializeDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testContentType_FileExtensions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testCMacroEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.053 sec
testEntriesProjectLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testPathEntry_MappedRemoteFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.056 sec
testFileAbsolutePath_ProjectLevel_DriveLetter(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPathEntry_MappedFolderInReferencedProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.272 sec
testPathEntry_NavigateSymbolicLinkUpAbsolute(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.176 sec
testOneEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testCISystemPathEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.143 sec
testAbstractBuildCommandParser_CloneAndEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEntriesFolderLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.136 sec
testFileAbsolutePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.156 sec
testCMacroEntry_undef(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.14 sec
testPathEntry_BuildDirDefinedByConfiguration_RelativePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testBoostBjam(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testPathEntry_FollowCWD(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
testMixedSettingEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.167 sec
testEntriesFileLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.15 sec
testPathEntry_Efs(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.157 sec
testCIncludeFileEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.048 sec
testCIncludePathEntryFrameworks(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.033 sec
testLineContinuation(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.174 sec
testPathEntry_EfsMappedFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.152 sec
testGccFlavors(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.192 sec
testFileAbsolutePath_NoProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.142 sec
testAbstractBuildCommandParser_Basic(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.164 sec
testAbstractBuildCommandParser_Nulls(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testFileAbsolutePath_ProjectLevel(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testCIncludePathEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.146 sec
testCLibraryFileEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.132 sec
testPathEntry_MappedFolderInProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.151 sec
testPathEntry_DoNotExpandRelativePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.137 sec
testPathEntry_NonExistentCWD_Workspace(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testPathEntry_NavigateSymbolicLinkUpRelative(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.147 sec
testEntriesProjectLevelGlobalProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.103 sec
testFileIgnoreWrongBuildDir(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.131 sec
testPathEntry_GuessCWD(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.162 sec
testUpperCase(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.134 sec
testCLibraryPathEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.129 sec
testPathEntry_DuplicatePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.127 sec
testPathEntry_DriveLetter(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testFileAbsolutePath_ProjectLevelGlobalProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.102 sec
testContentType_None(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.101 sec
testPathEntry_NonExistentCWD_Filesystem(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.135 sec
testCMacroFileEntry(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.133 sec
testAbstractBuildCommandParser_GettersSetters(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testPathEntry_BuildDirDefinedByConfiguration_AbsolutePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.044 sec
testPathEntry_ExpandRelativePath(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.032 sec
testPathEntry_MappedFolderInAnotherProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.057 sec
testFileWithSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuildCommandParserTest)  Time elapsed: 0.177 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_RerunOnCommandArgsChange(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.254 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_Nulls(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_EnvChangesConfiguration_1(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.344 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_EnvChangesConfiguration_2(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.348 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_GettersSetters(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.334 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_GroupSettings(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_SerializeEntriesDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.104 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_SerializeDOM(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_CloneAndEquals(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.206 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_RunGlobal(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_CompilerUpgrade_SymbolicLink(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.207 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_RunConfiguration(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.022 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_CompilerUpgrade(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.217 sec
testAbstractBuiltinSpecsDetector_EnvChangesGlobal(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.BuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.31 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_Simple(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.007 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Cygwin_NoProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_ParamUnused(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_ParamSpace(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_ArgsNoValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Includes_Duplicates(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.354 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Includes_WhiteSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
test_GCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_ResolveModifiedCommand(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.612 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_Args_WhiteSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_ResolvedCommand_Flags(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Cygwin_Configuration(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.005 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Includes(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.346 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_NoValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.004 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Includes_SymbolicLinkUp(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.357 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_EmptyArgList(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_ResolvedCommand(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_WhiteSpaces(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testGCCBuiltinSpecsDetector_Macro_Const(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.language.settings.providers.tests.GCCBuiltinSpecsDetectorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testDepLibs(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyLibsTests)  Time elapsed: 6.709 sec
testDepUObjs(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyLibsTests)  Time elapsed: 5.595 sec
testGetArtifactTimeStampEscapeURI_bug377295(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyLibsTests)  Time elapsed: 5.119 sec
testExtensions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testProjectCreation(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.215 sec
testConfigurations(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.141 sec
testConfigurationReset(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.012 sec
testConfigBuildArtifact(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testMakeCommandManipulation(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.006 sec
testScannerInfoInterface(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.097 sec
testProjectRename(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.039 sec
testErrorParsers(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 0.059 sec
cleanup(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests20)  Time elapsed: 2.244 sec
testLoadManifest(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testTreeOptions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testOptionsAttributeUseByScannerDiscovery(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProjectUpdate12_Update(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProjectUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.866 sec
testProjectUpdate20_Update(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProjectUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.9 sec
testProjectUpdate21_Update(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProjectUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.734 sec
testProjectUpdate21CPP_Update(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProjectUpdateTests)  Time elapsed: 0.616 sec
testCustomOptionCommandGenerator(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.438 sec
testGetCommandLineGenerator(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testCustomGenerator(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.003 sec
testGenerateCommandLineInfoPatterns(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testDollarValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.58 sec
testGenerateCommandLineInfoParameters(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testGenerateCommandLineInfoDoublePattern(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedCommandLineGeneratorTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testResourceConfigurations(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ResourceBuildCoreTests)  Time elapsed: 1.333 sec
testResourceConfigurationReset(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ResourceBuildCoreTests)  Time elapsed: 1.365 sec
testSingleFileExe(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject21MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testTwoFileSO(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject21MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.674 sec
testMultiResConfig(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject21MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.571 sec
testLinkedLib(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject21MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.607 sec
testLinkedFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject21MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.642 sec
test30SingleFileExe(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.418 sec
test30TwoFileSO(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.475 sec
test30MultiResConfig(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.666 sec
test30LinkedLib(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
test30LinkedFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 1.955 sec
test30CopyandDeploy(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.483 sec
test30DeleteFile(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.47 sec
test30NoFilesToBuild(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.534 sec
testFileWithNoExtension(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.717 sec
testPreAndPostProcessBuildSteps(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.524 sec
testResourceCustomBuildStep(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.516 sec
test30_1(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.889 sec
test30_2(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.428 sec
testTopTC(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.711 sec
CDTFortranTest1(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.231 sec
CDTFortranTest2(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 23.692 sec
TestATO(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.22 sec
testMacroSupportInBuildDefinitions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedProject30MakefileTests)  Time elapsed: 0.199 sec
test40(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildSystem40Tests)  Time elapsed: 1.988 sec
test40_pathconverter(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildSystem40Tests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testIcons(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests_SharedToolOptions)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testValueHandlers(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests_SharedToolOptions)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testOptions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests_SharedToolOptions)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testConfiguration(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildCoreTests_SharedToolOptions)  Time elapsed: 0.034 sec
testEnvProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildEnvironmentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.361 sec
testEnvCWDPWD(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildEnvironmentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testEnvNotDef(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildEnvironmentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.002 sec
testEnvGetParams(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildEnvironmentTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testMacroResolveExceptions(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildMacrosTests)  Time elapsed: 0.328 sec
testMacroOptL(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildMacrosTests)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testIsSupported(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildTCSupportedTest)  Time elapsed: 0 sec
testProjectConverterConvenienceRoutines(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.021 sec
testConfigurationNameProvider(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.072 sec
testConfigurationDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testVersionInfo(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.028 sec
testVersionsSupportedAttribute(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.036 sec
testToolChainConversion_CDT21(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.4 sec
testProjectConversion(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.MultiVersionSupportTests)  Time elapsed: 0.288 sec
testEnablement(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.OptionEnablementTests)  Time elapsed: 0.628 sec
testEnablement_Bug250686(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.OptionEnablementTests)  Time elapsed: 0.548 sec
testEnablement(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.OptionCategoryEnablementTests)  Time elapsed: 0.544 sec
test1DepCalc2(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyCalculatorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.696 sec
test1DepCalc3(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyCalculatorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.78 sec
test1DepCalcPreBuild(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.ManagedBuildDependencyCalculatorTests)  Time elapsed: 0.575 sec
testDesTest30_2_asm_only(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
testDesRebuildStateWithCustomBuildStep(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.472 sec
testDes_gnu30_exe_deps(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 5.483 sec
testDesTest30_1(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.295 sec
testDesTest30_2(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.473 sec
testDesDesTest30_2_cpp_only(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.49 sec
testDes_gnu30_exe(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.446 sec
testDes_gnu30_exe_objsInProj(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.49 sec
testDesRebuildStateInDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.553 sec
testDesRcbs(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.48 sec
testDesAddlInVar(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.585 sec
testDesRcCfg(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.455 sec
testDesRebuildState(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.512 sec
testDesAddlInVarUserObjs(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.532 sec
testDes_Model(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.495 sec
testDesTestgnu21_exe(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.46 sec
testDesTest30_2_empty(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.BuildDescriptionModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.457 sec
testPathConversionInProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.PathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.394 sec
testPathConverterConfigurations(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.tests.PathConverterTest)  Time elapsed: 0.001 sec
testNewManagedProject(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.905 sec
testSetMBSStringListOptionValues(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.858 sec
testExcludeResources(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.866 sec
testSetMBSBooleanOptionValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.88 sec
testAppendToMBSStringListOptionValues(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 1.405 sec
testAppendToMBSStringOptionValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 2.382 sec
testSetMBSStringOptionValue(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 0.879 sec
testCreateIncludeFolder(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.templateengine.tests.TestProcesses)  Time elapsed: 1.525 sec
test3xStdMakeProject(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.BackwardCompatiblityTests)  Time elapsed: 0.065 sec
testTooManyConfigurations(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.CProjectDescriptionSerializationTests)  Time elapsed: 4.155 sec
testPersistentProperties(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.CProjectDescriptionSerializationTests)  Time elapsed: 1.053 sec
testResetDefaultSetings_Bug298590(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.CProjectDescriptionSerializationTests)  Time elapsed: 0.489 sec
testOptions(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.OptionStringListValueTests)  Time elapsed: 0.027 sec
testCfgDesEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.OptionStringListValueTests)  Time elapsed: 0.316 sec
testLibFiles(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.OptionStringListValueTests)  Time elapsed: 0.03 sec
testCompulsiveSerialization_Bug340219(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.ProjectModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.445 sec
testSourceEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.ProjectModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.349 sec
testActiveCfg(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.ProjectModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.165 sec
testDescription(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.ProjectModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.632 sec
testMacroEntries(org.eclipse.cdt.projectmodel.tests.ProjectModelTests)  Time elapsed: 0.149 sec
testBuildAfterSourcefileDelete(org.eclipse.cdt.managedbuilder.core.regressions.Bug_303953)  Time elapsed: 1.133 sec
